Congressional Record
U
N
U
M
E
P
LU
RI
B
U
S
United States
of America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 117th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
b This symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b 1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.
H6659 
Vol. 167 
WASHINGTON, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 19, 2021 
No. 202 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 8 a.m. and was 
called to order by the Speaker pro tem-
pore (Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-
nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON, DC, 
November 19, 2021. 
I hereby appoint the Honorable KATHERINE 
M. CLARK to act as Speaker pro tempore on 
this day. 
NANCY PELOSI, 
Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, the Reverend Margaret 
Grun Kibben, offered the following 
prayer: 
Holy God, in the dawn of this new 
day, shed Your light on our pro-
ceedings. Clear our minds and give us 
clean hearts to engage mercifully with 
each other. Refresh and renew our spir-
its that we may pursue the day’s goals 
and the Nation’s business with pure 
motives. While some rejoice in the har-
vest of hard work, others remain con-
cerned about the labor that remains 
ahead. 
Be among this fractured body and 
bring healing to our differences and 
harmony to our enmity. Our passions 
are heightened, our opinions strong, 
our feelings deep. Call us to unity and 
peace, Your peace, a peace that is be-
yond our understanding. Call us to care 
without prejudice. Call us to faith 
without seeing. In faith, we lay before 
You our limitations, our frustrations, 
our discriminations. 
Set our sights on the work of restora-
tion, transformation, and edification 
that this would one day be a body rec-
onciled to itself, stronger for our dif-
ferences and more noble for our mutual 
concern. 
Grant us hope, a hope found only in 
Your grace. In Your merciful name we 
pray. 
Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to section 11(a) of House Resolu-
tion 188, the Journal of the last day’s 
proceedings is approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the 
gentleman from Texas (Mr. BRADY) 
come forward and lead the House in the 
Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mr. BRADY led the Pledge of Alle-
giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-
lic for which it stands, one nation under God, 
indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
BUILD BACK BETTER ACT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 1(c) of rule XIX, further 
consideration of the bill (H.R. 5376) to 
provide for reconciliation pursuant to 
title II of S. Con. Res. 14, as amended, 
will now resume. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Massachusetts (Mr. NEAL) 
has 13⁄4
minutes remaining, and the 
gentleman from Texas (Mr. BRADY) has 
21⁄2 minutes remaining. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Massachusetts. 
Mr. NEAL. Madam Speaker, is the 
gentleman prepared to close? I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. BRADY. Madam Speaker, I am 
prepared to close. 
Madam Speaker, I yield myself the 
balance of my time. 
Madam Speaker, we meet today to 
consider the largest spending bill in 
American history, a bill that no one 
has read, adds hundreds of billions to 
the deficit, was written in secret, and 
rushed to the floor to hide it from the 
American people. 
We have now the official costs, and 
the results are in. The claim by the 
President this costs zero and will re-
duce the national deficit is just simply 
untrue. According to the Congressional 
Budget Office, even counting the budg-
et gimmicks, this bill adds hundreds of 
billions of dollars to the national debt 
and a more true accounting by the 
Committee for a Responsible Federal 
Budget estimates this could drive na-
tional deficits by $3 trillion over the 
next 10 years. 
The claim that this will not raise 
taxes on the middle class is simply 
false. One out of three Americans in 
the middle class will see a tax hike 
starting next year. The claim that this 
will make the wealthy pay their fair 
share is false as well. In this bill, com-
ing out of COVID, two out of three mil-
lionaires in America will get a massive 
tax cut. And the claim that this will 
reduce inflation is not true as well. 
Even according to the White House’s 
own favored analyst, the spending in 
this bill will drive up inflation for fam-
ilies, higher and longer, for at least a 
decade. 
The Build Back Better’s crippling tax 
hikes will kill American jobs, drive 
many of them overseas. They hamper 
small businesses as they struggle to re-
cover, worsen the labor shortage, and 
drive inflation even higher. The bill 
imposes over $400 billion in taxes on 
American small businesses. It couldn’t 
come at a worse time. 
There are $800 billion in tax increases 
on American businesses who compete 
both here and around the world. This 
constitutes an economic surrender to 
China, Russia, Japan, and Europe, driv-
ing American jobs investment in manu-
facturing overseas. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:10 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00001
Fmt 7634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO7.000
H19NOPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE
® 
Pdnted on recycled papfil 

 -Page 0-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H6660 
November 19, 2021 
The new corporate tax is really a 
‘‘Made in America’’ tax. It hits Amer-
ican manufacturing, energy, and tech-
nology businesses the hardest, along 
with American consumers. The inter-
national tax increases make it better 
to be a foreign company than an Amer-
ican one. It is any wonder our foreign 
competitors are happy to embrace a 
global minimum tax. They are getting 
American jobs and a big bite of our tax 
base. There is a troubling new tax on 
retirement and a troubling new tax, 
the toddler tax, on American childcare. 
This is a terrible bill. I urge a ‘‘no’’ 
vote. 
Madam Speaker, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. NEAL. Madam Speaker, I yield 
myself 45 seconds. 
Madam Speaker, this debate has gone 
on now for 3 months in the Committee 
on Ways and Means. Sixty amendments 
from the opposition were offered. This 
was fully vetted over 4 days of public 
scrutiny, and all maintained in day-
light. I made sure of that, on purpose. 
And this, as I indicated last night, as 
I quoted a son of Massachusetts, Mr. 
WEBSTER, I said rhetorically he asked, 
‘‘Did we do something worthwhile in 
our time?’’ Today, we are going to an-
swer that question. I am sorry that last 
evening when I quoted Webster it trig-
gered an outburst from the Republican 
leader because we quoted an individual 
who was devoted to the Constitution of 
the United States and the premise that 
everybody in America gets a chance. 
Now, it is an honor for me to yield to 
the Speaker of the House, secure in her 
caucus, secure in her beliefs, and se-
cure knowing what we are doing today 
in but a few minutes. 
Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to 
the gentlewoman from California (Ms. 
PELOSI). 
Ms. 
PELOSI. 
Madam 
Speaker, 
I 
thank the gentleman for yielding and 
for his extraordinary leadership. 
He and other chairs have brought us 
to a moment in history on the floor of 
the House today when we can do some-
thing of significance for the people. I 
thank the chairman. 
Madam Speaker, with confidence in 
the vision of President Biden, and asso-
ciating myself with the inspiring and 
informative comments of the distin-
guished chairman, Mr. NEAL, with our 
distinguished Democratic leader, Mr. 
HOYER, 
the 
Democratic 
whip 
last 
evening, and with respect for those who 
work in this Capitol, and as a courtesy 
to my colleagues, I will be brief. 
In his remarks, our Democratic lead-
er, Mr. HOYER, talked about the pride 
we take in telling our children and our 
grandchildren 
that 
we 
were 
here 
present to pass the Build Back Better 
legislation and what it means for fu-
ture generations. Whip CLYBURN talked 
about the three legs of the Biden plat-
form: the Rescue Plan, the BIF, the In-
frastructure and Jobs bill, and now the 
Build Back Better, the infrastructure 
for our future. And Chairman NEAL 
quoted DANIEL WEBSTER and spoke of 
our responsibilities to the people. 
Madam Speaker, in that spirit, I pro-
ceed by saying: Under this dome, for 
centuries, Members of Congress have 
stood exactly where we stand now, to 
pass legislation of extraordinary con-
sequence in our Nation’s history and 
for our Nation’s future. 
In the original House Chamber, now 
Statuary Hall where Lincoln served, is 
Clio, the muse of history. Clio reminds 
men and women in these hallowed 
Halls that we are part of history; that 
our words and actions will face the 
judgment of history; and that we are 
part of the long and honorable heritage 
of our democracy. 
With the passage of the Build Back 
Better Act, we—this Democratic Con-
gress—are taking our place in the 
‘‘long and honorable heritage of our de-
mocracy,’’ with legislation that will be 
a pillar of health and financial security 
in America that will be historic in 
forging landmark progress for our Na-
tion. We talk about history as we look 
and prepare for the future. 
Much has been said since our distin-
guished Democratic leadership spoke 
last evening. Much has been said on 
this floor. But the facts are these: Fol-
lowing the vision of President Biden, 
guided by the expertise and energy of 
our chairs, Members, and staff, we have 
the Build Back Better bill that is his-
toric, transformative, and larger than 
anything we have ever done before. We 
are building back better. 
If you are a parent, a senior, a child, 
a worker—if you are an American—this 
bill is for you. And it is better. 
It is better in terms of healthcare. It 
is better if you are a senior: Your cost 
at the pharmacy will be cut to a frac-
tion, with annual costs capped under 
Medicare Part D, and you will benefit 
from the Medicare hearing benefit. 
It is better if you have diabetes: 
When you go to the pharmacy, instead 
of paying hundreds for insulin, you will 
pay no more than $35 per month. 
And it is better for all Americans: We 
are halting Big Pharma’s outrageous 
tax hikes; and in addition to that, we 
are dramatically lowering healthcare 
costs under the Affordable Care Act. 
We are also expanding coverage to 
millions under the Affordable Care Act, 
as I mentioned. 
It is better in terms of family care. If 
you are a parent, it is better. Most 
families will benefit from reduced 
childcare costs, cut fully in half for 
most families, and free universal pre-K 
for every 3- and 4-year-old in America. 
It is better if you are a middle-in-
come family. You will benefit from an 
expanded Biden child tax cut and paid 
family and medical leave. 
It is better if you are a caregiver. 
You will have the respect you deserve 
with the benefit of an historic invest-
ment of high-quality home healthcare. 
And it is better for America’s work-
ing families, with an average of 2 mil-
lion jobs created each year over 10 
years, together with the BIF. 
Jobs, jobs, jobs, jobs; a four-letter 
word. 
And it is better for climate. If you 
want your family to benefit from clean 
air, clean water, for the development of 
good-paying green jobs for the future 
and from improved national security, 
we are meeting the President’s vision 
to cut pollution in half by 2030 and 100 
percent by 2050, creating good-paying 
union jobs and lowering families’ en-
ergy costs; advancing environmental 
justice with the Justice40 initiative of 
President Biden; and honoring our 
commitment to passing on a better 
planet to our children. Our responsi-
bility is always to our children and to 
the future. 
Last week, our congressional delega-
tion went to COP26 in Glasgow and af-
firmed the commitment of this Con-
gress to meet and beat our climate 
goals. With this legislation, we can 
achieve this for the children and for 
Mother Nature. 
The Build Back Better agenda cre-
ates jobs, secures tax cuts for the mid-
dle class, lowers costs for families, 
while making the wealthiest pay their 
fair share. Good-paying jobs; cut taxes 
for the middle class; lower costs, espe-
cially in regard to healthcare and 
childcare; making the wealthy and cor-
porations pay their fair share. 
Build Back Better is fully paid for. It 
reduces the deficit and grows the econ-
omy. Unlike—and perhaps I need to re-
mind you—unlike the Republican tax 
scam, which was passed in the dark of 
night, with the speed of light, with no 
hearings whatsoever, and it increased 
the deficit by more than $2 trillion, 
more than this whole bill does for the 
American people; tax cuts for the 
wealthiest, giving 83 percent of the 
benefits to the top 1 percent and did 
nothing to help the American people in 
terms of jobs, clean air, clean water, 
affordable healthcare, and the rest. 
b 0815 
Madam Speaker, 83 percent to the 
top 1 percent, in the dark of night, at 
speed of light. Don’t make me laugh 
about criticizing this bill. 
Build Back Better will not increase 
inflation, according to the experts, in-
cluding an array of Nobel Peace Prize- 
winning economists and Moody’s. 
This victory is possible because of 
the tenacious, tireless, and values- 
based leadership of our chairs, mem-
bers, and staff of the committees. 
I just want to acknowledge the staff 
of this institution, the House of Rep-
resentatives, for their just being there 
for us over and over again regardless of 
when and where. Thank you so much. 
Build Back Better is a better agenda 
for workers, for families, for children, 
and for our planet. If you believe, as I 
do, that this planet is God’s creation, 
and we have a moral obligation to be 
good stewards of it, this bill is for you. 
Even if you don’t share that view— 
and I think most of us do. If you don’t 
share that view, we all agree that we 
have a moral responsibility to our chil-
dren and to their future to pass on the 
planet in a responsible way. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:10 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00002
Fmt 7634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\K19NO7.003
H19NOPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 1-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H6661 
November 19, 2021 
We are proud to be passing this legis-
lation under the leadership of Presi-
dent Joe Biden. He was an advocate 
and a leader in terms of the bipartisan 
infrastructure bill, but he did not con-
fine his vision for America to that bill 
alone. 
Today, we have the opportunity to 
build back better for the American peo-
ple and for the children. Madam Speak-
er, I urge an ‘‘aye’’ vote on the legisla-
tion and a ‘‘no’’ vote on the motion to 
recommit. 
Mr. NEAL. Madam Speaker, I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
Ms. KAPTUR. Madam Speaker, the Build 
Back Better Act is one of the most consequen-
tial pieces of legislation that has ever made its 
way through the halls of Congress. 
Over the last several decades, the rich have 
gotten richer, only for the Middle Class to pay 
the price as America’s working families and 
our physical and social infrastructure have suf-
fered the death of a thousand cuts. 
The Build Back Better Act sets our Nation 
on a new course—lowering the cost of health 
care, family care, and senior care, improving 
infrastructure, combating climate change, and 
creating good-paying jobs in every sector and 
community in our nation. 
Seniors will benefit from new federal negoti-
ating powers to lower the price of prescription 
drugs, a $2,000 cap on their out-of-pocket 
drug expenses on Medicare Part D, and the 
inclusion of hearing care in Medicare for the 
first time. 
Americans with diabetes will no longer pay 
more than $35 per month for insulin. 
The vast majority of families will pay no 
more than 7 percent of their income for 
childcare. There will be new universal pre-
school for all 3- and 4-year-olds, and the Child 
Tax Credit will cut taxes for hardworking fami-
lies. 
Our farmers will benefit from new invest-
ments in regenerative agriculture, soil con-
servation, and urban agriculture. 
The Civilian Climate Corps will help pre-
serve and protect our environment while com-
bating climate change. 
We will develop new emission-reduction 
technologies for our critical infrastructure like 
ports, and build the electric and hydrogen ve-
hicles of the future for consumers and the 
public sector—including hundreds of thou-
sands of vehicles of the United States Postal 
Service, and the heavy trucks and service 
equipment of city and county fleets—all while 
ensuring our workers receive the training they 
need for these new technologies. The Build 
Back Better Act will ensure our workers are 
not left behind in the transition to the new 
economy. 
We will modernize our electric grid, and up-
grade our homes and neighborhoods through 
new weatherization initiatives. 
Under-resourced neighborhoods will finally 
have the resources for new, quality, affordable 
housing. Small business owners will see new 
opportunities for growth as our communities 
recover from years of underinvestment. 
And our veterans will receive higher quality 
care at new VA facilities across the Nation. 
The American people will do all this by fi-
nally requiring the wealthiest, the biggest cor-
porations, and the tax cheats to pay their fair 
share. Multimillionaires and those who store 
their wealth offshore will pay the taxes they 
owe to support America’s resurgence. 
And no one making less than $400,000 a 
year will pay one red cent in higher taxes. 
We know that what America makes and 
grows makes and grows America. The Build 
Back Better Act will invest in and support 
those who do the making and growing. Every 
child, worker, family, senior will benefit. 
The Build Back Better Act will guide Amer-
ica to a better future, and restore the Middle 
Class that has long labored to build up this 
Nation—the greatest Democratic Republic in 
the world. 
Today is a good day for America. Now, let’s 
get this bill to President Biden’s desk. 
Ms. ESHOO. Madam Speaker, I rise in full 
support of the Build Back Better Act. 
This is a historic day for the American peo-
ple and for the future of our country because 
this legislation is the most transformative in-
vestment in our people in more than half a 
century. 
As 
Chairwoman 
of 
the 
Health 
Sub-
committee, I’m proud that the bill allows Medi-
care to negotiate the prices it pays for pre-
scription drugs, just as the VA has for many 
years. Our bill also caps out-of-pocket drug 
costs for seniors at $2,000 annually, caps the 
monthly price of insulin for patients with diabe-
tes at $35, expands the Affordable Care Act to 
lower insurance premiums by an average of 
$600 per person per year, and brings health 
insurance coverage to four million uninsured 
Americans. 
We’re voting to tackle the climate crisis with 
the largest clean energy investment in our 
country’s history. Climate change poses an 
existential threat to our country and our planet, 
and this bill recognizes the scale of these 
problems by putting the U.S. on a path to cut 
greenhouse gas emissions in half by 2030 and 
meet our climate goals under the Paris Agree-
ment. 
This legislation dramatically lowers the cost 
of childcare and makes pre-K universal for all 
three and four year olds in our country. Under 
the bill, the vast majority of American families 
will pay no more than seven percent of their 
income on childcare. We also improve elder 
care by investing $150 billion to provide qual-
ity home-based care for seniors and people 
with disabilities. 
Every American family with an income of 
less than $150,000 will continue to receive 
monthly payments from the expanded Child 
Tax Credit for another year. This tax credit 
has already lifted three million children out of 
poverty. 
Very importantly, the bill restores deduct-
ibility of state and local taxes (SALT). Prior to 
the harmful $10,000 cap that was put into 
place in the 2017 Trump tax cut law, my con-
stituents claimed an average SALT deduction 
of $63,083. This bill raises the cap to $80,000 
until 2030, without adding a cent to the deficit. 
All of these policies are fully paid for without 
raising taxes on anyone earning less than 
$400,000 per year. Revenue is raised through 
a new 15 percent minimum tax on businesses 
that report more than $1 billion in profits to 
shareholders. This ends the shameful practice 
of large, profitable businesses paying zero in 
income taxes. It also raises taxes on the 
wealthiest 0.02 percent of Americans with a 
five percent surtax on incomes of more than $ 
10 million and a further three percent on in-
comes over $25 million. Finally, the bill pro-
vides robust funding for IRS tax enforcement 
to crack down on tax cheats which the Treas-
ury Department estimates will raise $400 bil-
lion in revenue. 
I came to Congress to solve problems and 
better the lives of the American people. The 
Build Back Better Act is an economic launch-
ing pad for the middle class and working fami-
lies. Let history record that House Democrats 
came together to pass legislation to drastically 
improve the lives of the American people and 
that sadly, not one Republican chose to join 
us. 
Mr. NADLER. Madam Speaker, I rise today 
in support of the Build Back Better Act, a 
once-in-a-generation investment to lower the 
everyday costs that burden working families 
and adequately address the climate crisis. 
This bold, progressive bill at the core of Presi-
dent Biden’s Build Back Better agenda will 
have a positive impact on every single Amer-
ican family. 
The legislation delivers the largest invest-
ment in childcare and early education in his-
tory. Build Back Better is estimated to provide 
access to childcare for nearly one million 
young children in New York. I am proud that 
the bill also provides universal, high-quality, 
free preschool for every 3- and 4-year-old in 
America. Today, only 25 percent of young chil-
dren in New York have access to publicly 
funded preschool, and the costs for those that 
can’t enter publicly funded programs are often 
crippling. I am thrilled that nearly 300,000 
young children in New York will now be able 
to attend preschool. The bill also will provide 
over two million students in New York with re-
sources to purchase school meals. 
The Build Back Better Act will also improve 
the lives of working families by expanding 
rental assistance and affordable housing, es-
tablishing paid family and medical leave, ex-
tending the Child Tax Credit, extending the 
American Rescue Plan’s Earned Income Tax 
Credit, and finally addressing the unfair SALT 
Deduction caps. 
I am also pleased that this historic legisla-
tion will lower prescription drug costs for mil-
lions of Americans by finally negotiating lower 
drug prices for seniors, stopping outrageous 
price hikes in prescription drugs, setting a new 
$2,000 cap on out-of-pocket prescription costs 
for seniors, and capping the cost of life-saving 
insulin at $35 per month. The bill will further 
lower health care costs for Americans by 
passing the largest expansion of the Afford-
able Care Act in a decade to make coverage 
more affordable, expanding Medicaid cov-
erage and eligibility, and expanding access to 
affordable home care for older adults and 
those with disabilities. 
Finally, I am incredibly proud that the Build 
Back Better Act contains the single largest in-
vestment to combat the climate crisis in 
human history. This historic bill includes a 
$500 billion investment in clean energy and 
climate to cut greenhouse pollution by well 
over one gigaton in 2030, reduce home en-
ergy costs, create hundreds of thousands of 
high-quality jobs, and advance environmental 
justice for those communities on the frontline 
of the climate crisis. The bill will also provide 
a vital boost to New York’s climate resilience 
and preparedness efforts to safeguard the city 
from future Superstorm Sandy level storms. 
Best of all, the historic investments included 
in the Build Back Better Act are not only fully 
paid for, the Treasury Department estimates 
that the bill will reduce the deficit by over $100 
billion over a decade. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:10 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00003
Fmt 7634
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\K19NO7.005
H19NOPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 2-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H6662 
November 19, 2021 
This historic legislation will ensure that our 
workers and families are no longer held back 
by high costs or lack of access. For too long, 
we have failed to invest properly in everyday 
people. Instead, we have allowed big corpora-
tions and the wealthy to access all the re-
sources this Nation has to offer without paying 
their fair share. This stops here. By passing 
President Biden’s agenda into law, we have 
set our Nation on a course to meet its climate 
goals, create millions of good-paying jobs, re-
lieve working families struggling to afford the 
growing costs of raising children, and grow our 
economy. I urge my colleagues to vote yea on 
this transformative legislation. 
Mr. SABLAN. Madam Speaker, H.R. 5376, 
the Build Back Better Act, provides critical in-
vestments to lower the everyday costs that 
face working families in the Marianas and 
across America—from health care to edu-
cation to job training to child care and more. 
The Act appropriates $1 billion for critical in-
frastructure in the Marianas and other insular 
areas which could create new jobs and im-
prove the quality of life for all in our islands. 
The bill helps more Marianas families ac-
cess the health care they need by increasing 
base funding for Medicaid to $70 million and 
making permanent the current 83 percent fed-
eral/17 percent local shares for Medicaid, a 
ratio better than any State in the Nation. 
Dental, vision, and hearing services are also 
added as mandatory Medicaid benefits. 
The over 2,000 seniors and others in the 
Marianas who are insured through Medicare 
would be eligible for hearing aids, a new pro-
gram benefit. And for those who also partici-
pate in the Medicare Part D drug program out 
of pocket costs are capped at $2,000. 
As Chairman of the Subcommittee on Early 
Childhood, Elementary and Secondary Edu-
cation, I strongly support the transformative in-
vestments the Act makes in education from 
birth, universal pre-kindergarten and all the 
way to placement in a rewarding career. 
Our youngest learners in the Marianas will 
have access to high-quality, child care up to 
age 5 and universal free pre-kindergarten. 
And 10,800 Marianas students, who receive 
free lunches in school, will qualify for a sup-
plemental summer feeding program of $65 per 
month. 
The Build Back Better Act includes my Col-
lege Access Act which provides bachelor’s de-
gree students from the Marianas up to 
$15,000 per year to make up the difference 
between in-state and out-of-state tuition at 
public colleges. 
Moreover, the Act increases the maximum 
annual Pell grant for low-income students to 
$7,045. The White House estimates there are 
1,032 students in the Marianas who rely on 
Pell to cover tuition, books, housing, and other 
expenses. 
The legislation helps job seekers in the Mar-
ianas get placed with career and training op-
portunities with the inclusion of provisions from 
my Employment Services and Jobs Parity Act 
and Job Corps Nationwide Act making funding 
from these federal programs available for the 
first time. 
The Build Back Better Act extends the Child 
Tax Credit that has already provided $28.7 
million this year to Marianas families. Parents 
would also benefit from funding that ensures 
they pay no more 7 percent of their income for 
high quality child care and a new paid family 
leave policy, providing four weeks of paid 
leave in the case of birth or illness. 
And money in the bill will help the Marianas 
reduce its reliance on fossil fuels by opening 
offshore wind lease sales and cover the full 
cost of new tax credits for electric vehicles 
and residential solar and wind systems. 
I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 5376 
to help all communities in our country build 
back better. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Madam 
Speaker, I thank Chairman YARMUTH for his 
steadfast commitment to shepherding this 
landmark legislation to the floor. 
I am honored to join with my colleagues, 
just days after President Biden signed a sorely 
needed and long-awaited infrastructure pack-
age that will rebuild the Nation’s deteriorating 
roads and bridges to consider the ‘‘Build Back 
Better Act.’’ 
Madam Speaker, the magnitude of what we 
are doing here is really compelling. 
Twenty-eight years ago, I came to Congress 
to advocate for the interests of my friends and 
neighbors who, after decades of struggle, de-
serve a more fair and equitable economy that 
fuels prosperity and job growth in our commu-
nities well into the future. 
That is just what H.R. 5376 will do. 
I could not be prouder to be a part of this 
Democratic majority as we come together, 
with a sense of urgency, to deliver for the peo-
ple while tackling climate change and other 
challenges that put our communities at risk. 
I am particularly appreciative that the bill in-
vests $1.5 billion in the Department of Home-
land Security to provide crucial resources to 
three challenges confronting the Nation: cyber-
security; domestic terrorism and other threats 
to houses of worship and non-profits; and re-
ducing the Department of Homeland Security’s 
carbon footprint. 
The homeland security title of this bill pro-
vides $100 million in new funding for the Non-
profit Security Grant Program, which helps 
DHS take necessary action to help secure 
churches, synagogues, mosques, and other 
nonprofits from domestic terrorism and other 
threats. 
It has been just 3 years since the deadliest 
attack on the Jewish community in U.S. his-
tory, when 11 lives were lost in a mass shoot-
ing at the Tree of Life Synagogue in Pitts-
burgh, Pennsylvania. 
The funding the House provides today can 
help prevent such a tragedy from happening 
again. 
Madam Speaker, I include in the RECORD a 
statement in support of this additional funding 
from the Jewish Federations of America. 
It also invests in the Cybersecurity and In-
frastructure Security Agency to help State and 
local governments develop secure and resil-
ient critical infrastructure networks by, among 
other things, accelerating State and local gov-
ernments’ transition to the (dot) gov domain 
and increasing capacity to hire network de-
fenders. 
Finally, the homeland security title provides 
$900 million in strategic investments to help 
the department reduce its carbon footprint and 
mitigate the ongoing effects of climate change 
that have a direct impact on our national secu-
rity. 
Once again, I thank Chairman YARMUTH for 
his leadership along with Speaker PELOSI, 
Leader HOYER, and my fellow committee 
chairs for their months of hard work to 
produce this once-in-a-generation legislation 
which includes so many important investments 
in our homeland security. 
For these reasons, I urge passage of H.R. 
5376 and look forward to swift action on this 
package by the Senate so that it can be 
signed by President Biden and begin to im-
prove the lives of my constituents in the Sec-
ond District of Mississippi and beyond. 
[From The Jewish Federations of North 
America, Oct. 28, 2021] 
JEWISH FEDERATIONS EXPRESS GRATITUDE 
FOR ADDITIONAL SECURITY FUNDING 
Jewish Federations Express their gratitude 
to House Homeland Security Chair Bennie 
Thompson (D–MS) and Senate Homeland Se-
curity & Governmental Affairs Committee 
Chair Gary Peters (D–MI) for helping to se-
cure an additional $100 million for the Non-
profit Security Grant Program (NSGP) in 
the Homeland Security portion of the rec-
onciliation package. 
‘‘Communities can only flourish when 
their security needs are met. The inclusion 
of an additional $100 million for the Non-
profit Security Grant Program will save 
lives, help keep Jewish and other commu-
nities safe, and allow them to flourish’’ said 
Eric Fingerhut, President and CEO of the 
Jewish Federations of North America. 
‘‘Just yesterday, we commemorated three 
years since the Tree of Life massacre in 
Pittsburgh, the worst violent anitsemitic at-
tack in the nation’s history. Additional 
funding to the Nonprofit Security Grant Pro-
gram will not only help secure synagogues, 
but houses of worship and nonprofits of 
every stripe across the nation that face 
threats at a time of increased violent extre-
mism,’’ he added. 
The NSGP provides grants to nonprofits to 
help fund security measures such as inspec-
tion and screening systems, physical bar-
riers, and development of emergency pre-
paredness plans. 
This year, as hate crimes spiked and 
houses of worship were increasingly tar-
geted, the NSGP was able to fund fewer than 
half of all applicants. 
Fingerhut advocated for increasing NSGP 
funds at a Senate HSGAC hearing on violent 
extremism this Summer. 
Homeland Security Appropriations bills in 
both chambers propose leaving NSGP fund-
ing flat at $180 million, as overall proposed 
funding levels remain unchanged. 
Federations’ advocacy for further govern-
ment investment in community safety meas-
ures is part of the public-private partnership 
envisioned in the historic LiveSecure cam-
paign, which is raising $54 million in philan-
thropic dollars to spread the security um-
brella to every Jewish community across the 
country and help fortify Jewish communal 
institutions. 
Jewish Federations also thank Senate Ma-
jority Leader Charles Schumer (D–NY) for 
his leadership on this program, and the pe-
rennial champions Sens. Kirsten Gillibrand 
(D–NY), Rob Portman (R–OH), and Reps. Bill 
Pascrell (D–NJ) and John Katko (R–NY) for 
supporting NSGP funding. We look forward 
to continuing to work with them to increase 
annual funding for the program through the 
appropriations process. 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Madam Speaker, 
President Biden’s massive new multitrillion 
dollar tax and spend bill, the so-called Build 
back Better Act will cost at least $4 trillion ac-
cording to the U.S. Chamber of Commerce. 
According to the Chamber, the Build Back 
Better Act will significantly increase inflation 
and lead to up to 3 million people losing their 
employer sponsored health insurance plans. 
Astonishingly, as we debate this legislation 
on the floor of the House today, there is still 
no detailed cost analysis by the nonpartisan 
Congressional Budget Office. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:10 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00004
Fmt 7634
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A19NO7.004
H19NOPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 3-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H6663 
November 19, 2021 
Among the bill’s most egregious provisions, 
it: 
Effectively bans Catholic and other faith- 
based schools from participating in the ex-
panded child care program; 
Dramatically raises taxes on businesses and 
individuals; 
Grants more power to the IRS to target tax-
payers by removing taxpayer protection re-
quirements 
and 
hiring 
87,000 
additional 
agents; 
Permits taxpayer money to go to entities in-
volved China’s genocide against the Uyghur 
Muslims; 
Institutes price controls on prescription 
drugs and subjects companies that refuse to 
comply to a massive excise tax, which would 
cripple innovation and could cause the re-
moval of life-saving drugs from the U.S. mar-
ket. 
And, shockingly, the legislation forces tax-
payers to pay for abortion on demand in sev-
eral new and expanded programs. 
Taxpayers should not be forced to subsidize 
or facilitate the killing of an unborn child. 
The so-called Build Back Better Act: 
Gives states $30 billion over three years to 
create reinsurance programs for health insur-
ance issuers. There are no protections what-
soever to prevent subsidization of plans cov-
ering elective abortion, 
Extends to January 1, 2027 the increases to 
premium tax credits available for consumers 
through the Affordable Care Act (ACA). Pre-
mium tax credits allow taxpayer funding to 
subsidize ACA plans that provide elective 
abortion; 
Provides $10 billion worth of public health 
funding grants that aren’t Hyde Amendment 
protected, 
Makes permanent the Health Coverage Tax 
Credit without Hyde protection to prevent tax-
payer funds in this program from paying for 
health plans that include elective abortion; 
Mandates abortion coverage in the Afford-
able Care Act (ACA); 
And more. 
The National Right to Life Committee 
strongly opposes this legislation and pointed 
out that: ‘‘The 2010 Obamacare law as would 
the Build Back Better (BBB) created multiple 
new streams of federal funding that are ‘‘self- 
appropriated’’ flowing outside regular appro-
priations. 
‘‘That said, the Obamacare law contains a 
provision that specifically permitted states to 
ban elective abortion coverage in their ex-
changes, and 25 states passed legislation 
doing so. The BBB, starting in 2024, would ex-
plicitly override the laws of 11 of these 
states—states that did not expand their Med-
icaid programs. One additional non-expansion 
state (Wyoming) will also now be required to 
cover abortion. 
‘‘Further, 
the 
provisions 
mandate 
that 
Obamacare silver exchange plans cover abor-
tion and transportation for abortions (without 
cost sharing) for the Medicaid coverage gap 
population. The BBB provides unlimited appro-
priations to finance this abortion expansion. 
The BBB would mandate coverage in the 
abovementioned 12 states of ‘‘services de-
scribed in subsection (a)(4)(C) of section 1905 
of such [the Social Security] Act [family plan-
ning services] for which Federal payments 
would have been so available [‘‘under title XIX 
of the Social Security Act] which are not other-
wise provided under such plan as part of the 
essential health benefits package described in 
section 1302(a).’’ Obamacare specifically ex-
cluded abortion as a required essential health 
benefit under section 1303, and this BBB pro-
vision would effectively override the 2010 
law.’’ 
The U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops 
wrote to every Member of Congress on 
Wednesday and said: ‘‘it is completely unac-
ceptable that the current House version of the 
Build Back Better Act expands taxpayer fund-
ing of abortion . . . No proposal to support in-
dividuals needing affordable health care cov-
erage should compel Americans to pay for the 
destruction of human life through their tax dol-
lars . . . In addition, the latest text maintains 
the proposed health care affordability fund for 
states without Hyde protections, and provides 
funding for several public health grants without 
Hyde protections. This fundamental problem of 
expanded taxpayer funding of abortion in the 
Build Back Better Act must be remedied be-
fore the bill moves forward.’’ 
The Susan B. Anthony List opposes the bill 
and said yesterday: ‘‘It is critical to remember 
that whenever abortion is not explicitly ex-
cluded from funding, it is included . . . A care-
ful reading of this bill shows billions of dollars 
being appropriated outside of Hyde protec-
tions, leaving them available for direct and in-
direct abortion funding, upsetting the status 
quo and funneling money to the abortion in-
dustry . . . The ACA coverage provision man-
dates abortion coverage for its Medicaid-gap 
population in the twelve states that opted out 
of Medicaid expansion for plan years 2024 
and 2025. It is notable that none of these 
states currently fund abortion coverage. This 
language would coerce them states to cover 
abortion against the will of their constituents.’’ 
The Hyde Amendment, Madam Speaker, 
has saved more than 2.4 million lives—about 
60,000 per year since it was first enacted. 
Hyde protections need to be added to this 
bill. 
It is time, I believe, for more of us to face 
the harsh reality of what abortion does to chil-
dren and look beyond the sound bites and slo-
gans. 
No-one in the media ever bothers to expose 
the violent methods of abortion that include 
dismemberment of a child’s fragile body, in-
cluding decapitation, and that drugs like RU– 
486 starve the baby to death. 
Or that unborn babies killed by abortion at 
20 weeks or later experience excruciating suf-
fering and physical pain. And until rendered 
unconscious or dead by these hideous proce-
dures, the baby feels the pain every cut ac-
cording to medical experts in life-enhancing 
prenatal surgery. 
Abortion is not health care unless one con-
strues the precious life of an unborn child to 
be analogous to a tumor to be excised or a 
disease to be vanquished pregnancy is not a 
disease. 
Mr. Biden once wrote constituents, explain-
ing that his support for laws against funding 
for abortion, by saying ‘‘it would protect both 
the woman and her unborn child.’’ 
Mr. Biden went on to say ‘‘that those of us 
who are opposed to abortion should not be 
compelled to pay for them.’’ I agree. Most 
Americans agree. 
Over the years, the polls have consistently 
shown that Americans do not support taxpayer 
funded abortion. 
The January 2021 Marist poll found that by 
a margin of 58 percent to 38 percent oppose 
taxpayer funded abortion. 
The Marist poll found that a supermajority of 
65 percent of Independents oppose taxpayer 
funding of abortion. 
Unborn babies need the President of the 
United States and Members of Congress to be 
their friend and advocate, not powerful adver-
saries. 
Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Madam 
Speaker, I ran for Congress to help people in 
Chicago, in Illinois and across the country 
achieve the American dream. The Build Back 
Better Act represents a transformative invest-
ment in children, families, workers, busi-
nesses, and the planet that will improve health 
and well-being, advance economic and envi-
ronmental justice, meaningfully address cli-
mate change, and grow our economy while 
asking the wealthiest and most secure to pay 
their fair share. The pandemic has harmed 
tens of millions of Americans—disproportion-
ately hurting African Americans and other 
communities of color, women, seniors, and 
children. This bill meets immediate needs for 
food, shelter, medical care, and child care as 
well as long-term needs for quality education, 
good-paying jobs, safe roads and water, and 
a healthy environment. I am deeply proud that 
many priorities that I have championed are in-
cluded in this historic bill. 
It provides 4 weeks of paid family and med-
ical leave for workers so that they do not face 
the inhumane choice of caring for loved ones 
or financial ruin. Lower-income workers and 
workers of color are much less likely to have 
any paid leave, yet are more likely to need it 
due to greater health challenges and less sav-
ings to weather caregiving without pay. As 
Chair of the Subcommittee with jurisdiction 
over paid leave, I have worked closely with 
Ways and Means Chairman NEAL and advo-
cates to shape this equity-generating, uni-
versal benefit. 
The bill enhances the Earned Income Tax 
Credit to improve the economic well-being of 
millions of childless workers and noncustodial 
parents—with new help for younger workers, 
foster and homeless youth, and seniors. I’ve 
fought for these improvements for over a dec-
ade via my Responsible Fatherhood Act. 
These changes will help 17 million adults na-
tionwide and over 600,000 in Illinois. 
It provides $2 billion to train workers with 
barriers to employment—including people with 
records—for careers in the allied health pro-
fessions. This provision will help Chicago 
State which has a stellar Health Profession 
Opportunity Grant program and expand pro-
grams like those offered by the Safer Founda-
tion to help people with records become suc-
cessful healthcare professionals. 
It helps vulnerable students by making Pell 
non-taxable and removing the lifetime ban on 
the American Opportunity Tax Credit for past 
felony drug convictions. 
It incents substantial private investment in 
solar energy that will reduce electricity costs 
for tens of millions of low-income individuals 
while making the air they breathe safer. 
It contains strong labor provisions so that 
our investments in green energy benefit work-
ers as well as businesses. 
It includes $1 billion for to help justice-in-
volved individuals obtain employment and 
training services via the Reentry Employment 
Opportunities Program. It makes sure that 
people leaving prison have Medicaid coverage 
to improve health and successful reentry. 
It includes $2.5 billion for public health ap-
proaches to reduce community violence and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:10 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00005
Fmt 7634
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A19NO7.012
H19NOPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 4-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H6664 
November 19, 2021 
advance trauma interventions, which I have 
championed via the RISE from Trauma Act. 
It helps restore fairness to the tax code by 
rolling back the Republicans’ punitive limit on 
the State and Local Tax deduction to hurt citi-
zens in blue states like Illinois. 
The pandemic hit Black renters with children 
especially hard, with 29 percent reporting that 
their household is not caught up on rent. Fur-
ther, in 2020, Black and Latino families with 
children were more than twice as likely to suf-
fer food insecurity as white households. The 
Build Back Better Act addresses racial and 
economic inequities for communities of color 
and rural and underserved communities. It 
dramatically reduces child poverty via a sub-
stantial Child Tax Credit, raising a projected 
4.1 million children above the poverty line and 
cutting child poverty by more than 40 percent. 
In October alone, the advanced CTC gave 
caregivers in my Congressional District over 
$30 million to provide food, shelter, and other 
necessities for 121,000 children. This bill 
makes the largest investment in affordable 
housing and community development in half a 
century—over $145 billion—and it feeds the 
hungry with $10 billion for nutrition. 
It makes Americans healthier by decreasing 
the cost of health insurance and medication, 
expanding medical services, investing $1 bil-
lion in community health centers, and pro-
viding tremendous funding to reduce health in-
equities. 
It makes the largest investment in child care 
in our Nation’s history, saving most families 
more than half of their spending on child care. 
Further, it makes historic investments to care 
for seniors and individuals with disabilities so 
that they can receive care in their homes and 
communities, recognizing the need to care for 
our aging population. 
It makes the largest expansion of free edu-
cation since our country established public 
high schools a century ago. It provides uni-
versal and free preschool for all 3- and 4-year- 
olds, promoting racial equity in education. In 
addition, it expands access to affordable high-
er education by increasing the Pell grants by 
$550 for more than 5 million students, creating 
grants to close the college completion gap, 
and investing in Historically Black Colleges 
and Universities and Minority Serving Institu-
tions, including Predominantly Black Institu-
tions like Malcolm X, Olive-Harvey, and Chi-
cago State. 
This legislation invests billions in small busi-
nesses, including $1.6 billion for minority 
owned businesses and $105 million for edu-
cation and financial assistance for the for-
merly-incarcerated to form businesses to cre-
ate jobs in their communities. Further, it en-
sures the largest effort to combat climate 
change in American history. 
I am honored to vote for this once-in-a-gen-
eration legislation. I came to Congress to 
make this type of momentous change. I urge 
my colleagues to pass it. 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. 
Madam Speaker, I rise in strong support of the 
Build Back Better Act. 
The Oversight Committee, which I chair, au-
thored several key sections of this bill, which 
together will allocate nearly $14 billion. 
My committee’s sections are more than just 
numbers on a page—they represent a sub-
stantial and genuine investment in our future. 
We have no future if we don’t get serious 
about combatting climate change, and my 
committee’s title would make the federal gov-
ernment a leader on combatting climate 
change by electrifying the federal govern-
ment’s vehicle fleet, and building the fleet of 
the future. 
Our title includes nearly $3 billion for GSA 
to purchase tens of thousands of electric vehi-
cles and build the infrastructure necessary to 
support them. 
It also includes nearly $6 billion for the Post-
al Service to purchase electric vehicles for its 
new fleet, and to build the infrastructure nec-
essary to charge these vehicles. 
EVs are a sensible and cost-effective invest-
ment that will reduce emissions and keep the 
federal government competitive. 
The title also includes $4 billion for GSA to 
expand the use of emerging green tech-
nologies and ensure that federal buildings are 
modernized with greener construction mate-
rials and modern environmental systems. 
I’m especially pleased that we’ve included 
dedicated funding for OMB to support imple-
mentation of the Act and track labor, equity, 
and environmental standards and perform-
ance. 
Our title also includes funding to ensure 
proper oversight of these programs. 
It is critical that the House pass the Build 
Back Better Act as quickly as possible so that 
we can get this to the President’s desk without 
delay. 
I urge all my colleagues to support this bill. 
Mr. NUNES. Madam Speaker, the Demo-
crats have summoned us to the House floor 
today to debate their unaffordable socialist 
spending bill. It is rather novel for Congress to 
debate a bill that does not yet have final legis-
lative text, but. after suffering alarming elec-
toral defeats earlier this month, the Democrats 
appear desperate to save President Biden’s 
domestic agenda, regardless of the con-
sequences. So, here we are. 
While the bill’s actual provisions remain un-
clear, what is clear is the Biden administra-
tion’s zeal to permanently transform the Amer-
ican economy. In an October press con-
ference, White House Press Secretary Jen 
Psaki went to great lengths to explain that the 
Democrats’ reconciliation spending bill is seen 
by the President as a vehicle to remake the 
economy. 
Biden seeks to ‘‘do something historic that 
will fundamentally change the economy,’’ she 
declared. He’s seeking to make ‘‘fundamental 
changes,’’ she added. She later noted that the 
President seeks to ‘‘make fundamental change 
in our economy,’’ ‘‘change fundamentally how 
we invest in our workforce,’’ ‘‘fundamentally 
change the economy,’’ and ‘‘fundamentally 
change people’s lives.’’ 
We should take Psaki at her word—Presi-
dent Biden believes he has found basic flaws 
in our economic system, and the solution is to 
inject trillions of dollars into government pro-
grams. 
Earlier this year, the President made a 
down payment on this fundamental trans-
formation when he signed into law the Demo-
crats’ $1.9 trillion so-called stimulus plan. The 
economic impact has been staggering: gas 
prices are reaching record highs, our supply 
chain is in crisis, small businesses are beset 
by a government-made labor shortage, and 
skyrocketing inflation is making everyday life 
unaffordable for working Americans. 
The response from Democrats has been in-
structive. First, Democrats denied that inflation 
existed at all. Then, they claimed Republicans 
were exacerbating concerns over what they 
deemed ‘‘transitory inflation’’ for political gain. 
Next, they said inflation was both not transi-
tory and, in fact, a good thing for the econ-
omy. Now, they accuse Republicans of oppos-
ing their plan to tackle the inflation they 
claimed was a good thing. 
If inflation is indeed a good thing, then 
America is in luck—the Democrats’ Build Back 
Better agenda promises much more of it. It’s 
as if the Democrats are attempting to 
hyperinflate their way out of inflation. 
This unaffordable bill won’t solve the prob-
lems the Democrats have created. It won’t 
lower energy prices, or tame inflation, or re-
solve the supply chain crisis, or help Ameri-
cans get back to work. To the contrary, it’s an 
ideological bill designed to implant socialism 
irreversibly in the federal government. 
The whole bill is a slap in the face to the 
American people. Thankfully, however, this 
debate is just political theater, since we all 
know the bill, whenever it is finally passed by 
House Democrats, will die a quick death in the 
Senate. 
Ms. BONAMICI. Madam Speaker, I rise 
today in support of a meaningful and con-
sequential piece of legislation, the Build Back 
Better Act. 
This bill will strengthen our economy, create 
good-paying jobs, and make extraordinary in-
vestments that will improve child care, edu-
cation, health care, child nutrition, and hous-
ing. Importantly, the legislation will take critical 
steps to address the climate crisis. 
This legislation is a significant victory for 
children, families, caregivers, and early child-
hood educators. According to data from Or-
egon State University, every county in my 
home state of Oregon was a child care desert 
for 
infant 
and 
toddler 
care 
before 
the 
coronavirus pandemic, meaning that there is 
only one spot for every three children who 
need care. The $390 billion investment for 
early childhood care and universal preschool 
in the Build Back Better Act is fundamental to 
the long-term success and health of our kids 
and economy. These investments will help mil-
lions of parents, overwhelmingly women, re-
turn to work. Additionally, we will finally recog-
nize the critical role of early childhood edu-
cators by making sure they are paid a living 
wage. 
We have also provided substantial invest-
ments in our students by making higher edu-
cation more affordable, including by increasing 
the value of the Pell Grant and expanding fed-
eral financial aid to eligible students with De-
ferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA), 
temporary protected status (TPS), and de-
ferred enforced departure (DED) status. To 
help students succeed in school and transition 
into a rewarding career, the Build Back Better 
Act provides funding for retention and comple-
tion grants. The bill also supports our teaching 
workforce by investing in grant programs to 
help train new teachers and address the 
teacher shortage. Additionally, the legislation 
also supports communities of color through 
targeted investments in Historically Black Col-
leges and Universities, Tribal Colleges and 
Universities, Hispanic-Serving Institutions and 
other Minority Serving Institutions. 
As Chair of the Education and Labor Com-
mittee’s Civil Rights and Human Services Sub-
committee, I know students will be better 
equipped to succeed when they are no longer 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
04:47 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00006
Fmt 7634
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A19NO7.013
H19NOPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 5-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H6665 
November 19, 2021 
worrying about their next meal. The Build 
Back Better Act provides nine million more 
students free school meals through improving 
the Community Eligibility Provision, which is a 
significant step toward ending childhood hun-
ger. 
The Build Back Better Act provides for 
greater access to high-quality, affordable 
health care and lowers costs for many Ameri-
cans, especially our nation’s seniors. The bill 
extends the enhanced Affordable Care Act 
premium tax credits that were included in the 
American Rescue Plan, and lowers the cost of 
prescription drugs by finally allowing Medicare 
to negotiate prices for some drugs. The bill ex-
pands Medicare to cover the cost of hearing 
aids and makes home health care for elderly 
parents or loved ones with disabilities more af-
fordable and accessible. It also includes sig-
nificant resources for Older Americans Act 
meal programs and other senior services that 
I have long championed, particularly those 
supporting LGBTQ+ seniors and other under-
served communities. 
The bill will allow work authorization and 
provide important protections from deportation 
for many immigrants who have been building 
lives in this country and contributing to our 
communities for more than a decade. The leg-
islation will not provide the crucial path to citi-
zenship that I have been advocating for, but 
this is significant progress that we can con-
tinue to build on. 
Importantly, we are facing a code red cli-
mate emergency and the Build Back Better 
Act is the most significant climate bill to come 
before the U.S. House of Representatives. It 
provides long-term extensions for renewable 
energy tax credits, and for the first time, en-
ergy storage projects will qualify for invest-
ment tax credits. This bill also invests $29 bil-
lion in nonprofit, state, and local institutions 
that support rapid deployment of low- and 
zero-emission technologies, with a particular 
focus on low-income communities that histori-
cally have not received these types of invest-
ments. This legislation combats methane 
emissions, which account for one-fifth of glob-
al greenhouse gas emissions, by creating a 
methane emissions reduction program to 
incentivize oil and gas companies to reduce 
their methane leaks. 
The health of our ocean reflects the health 
of our planet. The Build Back Better Act 
makes a significant investment by providing $6 
billion for habitat restoration projects to con-
serve, restore, and protect coastal and marine 
habitats, increasing these ecosystems’ resil-
ience to climate change. It also provides $500 
million for National Oceanic and Atmospheric 
Administration climate research to improve our 
understanding of the interdependence of our 
nation’s coasts, ocean, weather, and climate. 
Although there is still tremendous work need-
ed to prevent national and global climate dis-
aster, the Build Back Better Act makes trans-
formational and unprecedented investments in 
combating climate change. 
The Build Back Better Act will also improve 
conditions for working Americans. It provides 
nearly $20 billion in funding for education and 
career 
training 
opportunities 
for 
under-
employed and dislocated workers and fosters 
greater collaboration between industry, labor, 
nonprofits, and educational institutions to 
equip workers with skills training and post- 
training employment opportunities. 
This bill will also support families when they 
need to take leave from work. Currently, the 
U.S. is one of only six nations in the world 
without a national paid leave program. The 
Build Back Better act brings the United States 
in line with every other OECD country by pro-
viding workers with four weeks of paid family 
leave for childbirth, major illness recovery, and 
family caretaking responsibilities. 
Oregonians have long experienced pro-
nounced challenges from the lack of afford-
able housing. The Build Back Better Act in-
cludes $150 billion to build and upgrade af-
fordable housing stock and enhance rental as-
sistance for low-income Americans. It also in-
cludes critical updates to and expands the 
Low-Income Housing Tax Credit, which will 
further incentivize affordable housing develop-
ment. This funding will improve housing afford-
ability, support people experiencing homeless-
ness, and shrink the homeownership gap for 
people of color. 
Data reported by the United States Census 
Bureau found that the Child Tax Credit expan-
sion that was included in the American Res-
cue Plan has already slashed taxes for mil-
lions of families and contributed significantly to 
reducing child hunger and housing insecurity. 
The Build Back Better Act builds upon this 
success by extending the enhanced Child Tax 
Credit for another year. 
And finally, The Build Back Better Act is 
fully paid for by making sure the wealthiest 
Americans and large corporations pay their 
fair share in taxes. 
The Build Back Better Act’s historic invest-
ments will improve the lives of families and in-
dividuals, create thousands of good-paying 
jobs, and help our country rebuild after the 
devastating COVID–19 pandemic. And with 
the provisions to address the climate crisis, it 
will help bring about a better, healthier, and 
more secure future for Oregonians and Ameri-
cans. For these reasons, I look forward to vot-
ing in favor of this bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time 
for debate has expired. 
Pursuant to House Resolution 744, 
the previous question is ordered on the 
bill, as amended. 
The question is on the engrossment 
and third reading of the bill. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed 
and read a third time, and was read the 
third time. 
MOTION TO RECOMMIT 
Mr. BRADY. Madam Speaker, I have 
a motion to recommit at the desk. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Clerk will report the motion to recom-
mit. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. Brady moves to recommit the bill H.R. 
5376 to the Committee on the Budget. 
The material previously referred to 
by Mr. BRADY is as follows: 
Strike section 138401 and insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. 138401. PROHIBITION ON NEW REQUIRE-
MENTS TO REPORT BANK ACCOUNT 
DEPOSITS AND WITHDRAWALS. 
The Secretary of the Treasury (including 
any delegate of the Secretary) may not re-
quire any financial institution to report the 
inflows or out-flows (or any similar amount, 
whether on a transaction or aggregate basis) 
of any account maintained by such institu-
tion, except to the extent that such report-
ing is required under any program, or other 
provision of law, as in effect on October 1, 
2021. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 2(b) of rule XIX, the pre-
vious question is ordered on the motion 
to recommit. 
The question is on the motion to re-
commit. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that 
the noes appeared to have it. 
Mr. BRADY. Madam Speaker, on 
that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to section 3(s) of House Resolution 
8, the yeas and nays are ordered. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 208, nays 
220, not voting 6, as follows: 
[Roll No. 384] 
YEAS—208 
Aderholt 
Allen 
Amodei 
Armstrong 
Arrington 
Babin 
Bacon 
Baird 
Balderson 
Banks 
Barr 
Bentz 
Bergman 
Bice (OK) 
Biggs 
Bilirakis 
Bishop (NC) 
Boebert 
Bost 
Brady 
Brooks 
Buchanan 
Bucshon 
Budd 
Burchett 
Burgess 
Calvert 
Cammack 
Carey 
Carter (GA) 
Carter (TX) 
Cawthorn 
Chabot 
Cheney 
Cline 
Cloud 
Clyde 
Cole 
Comer 
Crawford 
Crenshaw 
Curtis 
Davidson 
Davis, Rodney 
DesJarlais 
Diaz-Balart 
Donalds 
Duncan 
Dunn 
Ellzey 
Emmer 
Estes 
Fallon 
Feenstra 
Ferguson 
Fischbach 
Fitzgerald 
Fitzpatrick 
Fleischmann 
Fortenberry 
Foxx 
Franklin, C. 
Scott 
Fulcher 
Gaetz 
Gallagher 
Garbarino 
Garcia (CA) 
Gibbs 
Gimenez 
Gohmert 
Gonzales, Tony 
Gonzalez (OH) 
Good (VA) 
Gooden (TX) 
Gosar 
Granger 
Graves (LA) 
Graves (MO) 
Green (TN) 
Greene (GA) 
Griffith 
Grothman 
Guest 
Guthrie 
Hagedorn 
Harris 
Harshbarger 
Hartzler 
Hern 
Herrell 
Herrera Beutler 
Hice (GA) 
Higgins (LA) 
Hill 
Hinson 
Hollingsworth 
Hudson 
Huizenga 
Issa 
Jackson 
Jacobs (NY) 
Johnson (LA) 
Johnson (OH) 
Johnson (SD) 
Jordan 
Joyce (OH) 
Joyce (PA) 
Katko 
Keller 
Kelly (MS) 
Kelly (PA) 
Kim (CA) 
Kinzinger 
Kustoff 
LaHood 
LaMalfa 
Lamborn 
Latta 
LaTurner 
Lesko 
Letlow 
Long 
Loudermilk 
Lucas 
Luetkemeyer 
Mace 
Malliotakis 
Mann 
Massie 
Mast 
McCarthy 
McCaul 
McClain 
McClintock 
McHenry 
McKinley 
Meijer 
Meuser 
Miller (IL) 
Miller (WV) 
Miller-Meeks 
Moolenaar 
Mooney 
Moore (AL) 
Moore (UT) 
Mullin 
Murphy (NC) 
Nehls 
Newhouse 
Norman 
Nunes 
Obernolte 
Owens 
Palazzo 
Palmer 
Pence 
Pfluger 
Posey 
Reed 
Reschenthaler 
Rice (SC) 
Rodgers (WA) 
Rose 
Rosendale 
Rouzer 
Roy 
Rutherford 
Salazar 
Scalise 
Schweikert 
Scott, Austin 
Sessions 
Simpson 
Smith (MO) 
Smith (NE) 
Smith (NJ) 
Smucker 
Spartz 
Stauber 
Steel 
Stefanik 
Steil 
Steube 
Stewart 
Taylor 
Tenney 
Thompson (PA) 
Tiffany 
Timmons 
Turner 
Upton 
Valadao 
Van Drew 
Van Duyne 
Wagner 
Walberg 
Walorski 
Waltz 
Weber (TX) 
Webster (FL) 
Wenstrup 
Westerman 
Williams (TX) 
Wilson (SC) 
Wittman 
Womack 
Young 
Zeldin 
NAYS—220 
Adams 
Aguilar 
Allred 
Auchincloss 
Axne 
Barraga´n 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:10 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00007
Fmt 7634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO7.021
H19NOPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 6-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H6666 
November 19, 2021 
Bass 
Beatty 
Bera 
Beyer 
Bishop (GA) 
Blumenauer 
Blunt Rochester 
Bonamici 
Bourdeaux 
Bowman 
Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brown (MD) 
Brown (OH) 
Brownley 
Bush 
Bustos 
Butterfield 
Carbajal 
Ca´rdenas 
Carson 
Carter (LA) 
Cartwright 
Case 
Casten 
Castor (FL) 
Castro (TX) 
Chu 
Cicilline 
Clark (MA) 
Cleaver 
Clyburn 
Cohen 
Connolly 
Cooper 
Correa 
Costa 
Courtney 
Craig 
Crist 
Crow 
Cuellar 
Davids (KS) 
Davis, Danny K. 
Dean 
DeFazio 
DeGette 
DeLauro 
DelBene 
Delgado 
Demings 
DeSaulnier 
Deutch 
Dingell 
Doggett 
Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Escobar 
Eshoo 
Espaillat 
Evans 
Fletcher 
Foster 
Frankel, Lois 
Gallego 
Garamendi 
Garcı´a (IL) 
Garcia (TX) 
Golden 
Gomez 
Gonzalez, 
Vicente 
Gottheimer 
Green, Al (TX) 
Grijalva 
Harder (CA) 
Hayes 
Higgins (NY) 
Himes 
Horsford 
Houlahan 
Hoyer 
Huffman 
Jackson Lee 
Jacobs (CA) 
Jayapal 
Jeffries 
Johnson (GA) 
Johnson (TX) 
Jones 
Kahele 
Kaptur 
Keating 
Kelly (IL) 
Khanna 
Kildee 
Kilmer 
Kim (NJ) 
Kind 
Kirkpatrick 
Krishnamoorthi 
Kuster 
Lamb 
Langevin 
Larsen (WA) 
Larson (CT) 
Lawrence 
Lawson (FL) 
Lee (CA) 
Lee (NV) 
Leger Fernandez 
Levin (CA) 
Levin (MI) 
Lieu 
Lofgren 
Lowenthal 
Luria 
Lynch 
Malinowski 
Maloney, 
Carolyn B. 
Maloney, Sean 
Manning 
Matsui 
McBath 
McCollum 
McEachin 
McGovern 
McNerney 
Meeks 
Meng 
Mfume 
Moore (WI) 
Morelle 
Moulton 
Mrvan 
Murphy (FL) 
Nadler 
Napolitano 
Neal 
Neguse 
Newman 
Norcross 
O’Halleran 
Ocasio-Cortez 
Omar 
Pallone 
Panetta 
Pappas 
Pascrell 
Payne 
Pelosi 
Perlmutter 
Peters 
Phillips 
Pingree 
Pocan 
Porter 
Pressley 
Price (NC) 
Quigley 
Raskin 
Rice (NY) 
Ross 
Roybal-Allard 
Ruiz 
Ruppersberger 
Rush 
Ryan 
Sa´nchez 
Sarbanes 
Scanlon 
Schakowsky 
Schiff 
Schneider 
Schrader 
Schrier 
Scott (VA) 
Scott, David 
Sewell 
Sherman 
Sherrill 
Sires 
Slotkin 
Smith (WA) 
Soto 
Spanberger 
Speier 
Stansbury 
Stanton 
Stevens 
Strickland 
Suozzi 
Swalwell 
Takano 
Thompson (CA) 
Thompson (MS) 
Titus 
Tlaib 
Tonko 
Torres (CA) 
Torres (NY) 
Trahan 
Trone 
Underwood 
Vargas 
Veasey 
Vela 
Vela´zquez 
Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters 
Watson Coleman 
Welch 
Wexton 
Wild 
Williams (GA) 
Wilson (FL) 
Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—6 
Buck 
Carl 
Clarke (NY) 
Perry 
Rogers (AL) 
Rogers (KY) 
b 0908 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi, Ms. 
PINGREE, Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALO-
NEY of New York, Messrs. STANTON, 
CARSON, 
MOULTON, 
and 
MFUME 
changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to 
‘‘nay.’’ 
Messrs. GRAVES of Louisiana, HOL-
LINGSWORTH, DAVIDSON, GOSAR, 
PALMER, and EMMER changed their 
vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So the motion to recommit was re-
jected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
MEMBERS RECORDED PURSUANT TO HOUSE 
RESOLUTION 8, 117TH CONGRESS 
Amodei 
(Balderson) 
Baird (Walorski) 
Barraga´n 
(Allred) 
Blumenauer 
(Beyer) 
Boyle, Brendan 
F. (Jeffries) 
Brooks (Moore 
(AL)) 
Brown (MD) 
(Blunt 
Rochester) 
Buchanan 
(Waltz) 
Burgess (Lucas) 
Bustos 
(Brownley) 
Calvert (Garcia 
(CA)) 
Ca´rdenas 
(Gomez) 
Carey 
(Balderson) 
Cleaver 
(Butterfield) 
Comer 
(LaTurner) 
Crenshaw 
(Mullin) 
Curtis (Moore 
(UT)) 
DeFazio 
(Carbajal) 
DeSaulnier 
(Thompson 
(CA)) 
Duncan 
(Timmons) 
Dunn (Waltz) 
Emmer 
(McHenry) 
Evans (Mfume) 
Fallon (Nehls) 
Ferguson 
(Kustoff) 
Fletcher (Allred) 
Garbarino 
(Jacobs (NY)) 
Gibbs (Bucshon) 
Gimenez (Waltz) 
Gohmert (Weber) 
Gonzales, Tony 
(Ellzey) 
Gonzalez (OH) 
(Armstrong) 
Green (TN) 
(DesJarlais) 
Hagedorn 
(Moolenaar) 
Harshbarger 
(Fleischmann) 
Hartzler 
(Walberg) 
Herrera Beutler 
(Moore (UT)) 
Hudson 
(Balderson) 
Huffman 
(McNerney) 
Issa (Garcia 
(CA)) 
Jackson (Nehls) 
Johnson (OH) 
(Fulcher) 
Johnson (TX) 
(Jeffries) 
Joyce (OH) 
(Valadao) 
Joyce (PA) 
(Keller) 
Katko (Meijer) 
Kelly (PA) 
(Keller) 
Kind (Connolly) 
Kinzinger 
(Valadao) 
Kirkpatrick 
(Stanton) 
Krishnamoorthi 
(Levin (CA)) 
LaHood (Miller 
(WV)) 
Lamborn 
(McHenry) 
Larsen (WA) 
(Connolly) 
Lawson (FL) 
(Mfume) 
Lesko (Miller 
(WV)) 
Letlow 
(Cammack) 
Lieu (Raskin) 
Long 
(Fleischmann) 
Loudermilk 
(Cammack) 
Lowenthal 
(Beyer) 
Lynch 
(Langevin) 
Mast (Waltz) 
McBath 
(Williams 
(GA)) 
McEachin 
(Wexton) 
Meeks (Jeffries) 
Moulton (Kahele) 
Napolitano 
(Correa) 
Nunes (Garcia 
(CA)) 
Payne (Pallone) 
Porter (Wexton) 
Reed (Walorski) 
Reschenthaler 
(Keller) 
Rice (NY) 
(Murphy (FL)) 
Rodgers (WA) 
(Moore (UT)) 
Roybal-Allard 
(McCollum) 
Rush (Quigley) 
Salazar (Waltz) 
Sewell (Cicilline) 
Sires (Pallone) 
Stauber 
(Bergman) 
Steube 
(Timmons) 
Stevens (Lee 
(NV)) 
Stewart (Moore 
(UT)) 
Strickland 
(Jeffries) 
Swalwell 
(Gomez) 
Thompson (MS) 
(Butterfield) 
Thompson (PA) 
(Meuser) 
Tiffany 
(Arrington) 
Trahan 
(Langevin) 
Trone (Beyer) 
Underwood 
(Casten) 
Veasey (Beatty) 
Welch 
(McGovern) 
Wilson (FL) 
(Hayes) 
Young (Spartz) 
Zeldin 
(Timmons) 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the passage of the bill. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that 
the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. BRADY. Madam Speaker, on 
that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to section 3(s) of House Resolution 
8, the yeas and nays are ordered. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 220, nays 
213, not voting 1, as follows: 
[Roll No. 385] 
YEAS—220 
Adams 
Aguilar 
Allred 
Auchincloss 
Axne 
Barraga´n 
Bass 
Beatty 
Bera 
Beyer 
Bishop (GA) 
Blumenauer 
Blunt Rochester 
Bonamici 
Bourdeaux 
Bowman 
Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brown (MD) 
Brown (OH) 
Brownley 
Bush 
Bustos 
Butterfield 
Carbajal 
Ca´rdenas 
Carson 
Carter (LA) 
Cartwright 
Case 
Casten 
Castor (FL) 
Castro (TX) 
Chu 
Cicilline 
Clark (MA) 
Clarke (NY) 
Cleaver 
Clyburn 
Cohen 
Connolly 
Cooper 
Correa 
Costa 
Courtney 
Craig 
Crist 
Crow 
Cuellar 
Davids (KS) 
Davis, Danny K. 
Dean 
DeFazio 
DeGette 
DeLauro 
DelBene 
Delgado 
Demings 
DeSaulnier 
Deutch 
Dingell 
Doggett 
Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Escobar 
Eshoo 
Espaillat 
Evans 
Fletcher 
Foster 
Frankel, Lois 
Gallego 
Garamendi 
Garcı´a (IL) 
Garcia (TX) 
Gomez 
Gonzalez, 
Vicente 
Gottheimer 
Green, Al (TX) 
Grijalva 
Harder (CA) 
Hayes 
Higgins (NY) 
Himes 
Horsford 
Houlahan 
Hoyer 
Huffman 
Jackson Lee 
Jacobs (CA) 
Jayapal 
Jeffries 
Johnson (GA) 
Johnson (TX) 
Jones 
Kahele 
Kaptur 
Keating 
Kelly (IL) 
Khanna 
Kildee 
Kilmer 
Kim (NJ) 
Kind 
Kirkpatrick 
Krishnamoorthi 
Kuster 
Lamb 
Langevin 
Larsen (WA) 
Larson (CT) 
Lawrence 
Lawson (FL) 
Lee (CA) 
Lee (NV) 
Leger Fernandez 
Levin (CA) 
Levin (MI) 
Lieu 
Lofgren 
Lowenthal 
Luria 
Lynch 
Malinowski 
Maloney, 
Carolyn B. 
Maloney, Sean 
Manning 
Matsui 
McBath 
McCollum 
McEachin 
McGovern 
McNerney 
Meeks 
Meng 
Mfume 
Moore (WI) 
Morelle 
Moulton 
Mrvan 
Murphy (FL) 
Nadler 
Napolitano 
Neal 
Neguse 
Newman 
Norcross 
O’Halleran 
Ocasio-Cortez 
Omar 
Pallone 
Panetta 
Pappas 
Pascrell 
Payne 
Pelosi 
Perlmutter 
Peters 
Phillips 
Pingree 
Pocan 
Porter 
Pressley 
Price (NC) 
Quigley 
Raskin 
Rice (NY) 
Ross 
Roybal-Allard 
Ruiz 
Ruppersberger 
Rush 
Ryan 
Sa´nchez 
Sarbanes 
Scanlon 
Schakowsky 
Schiff 
Schneider 
Schrader 
Schrier 
Scott (VA) 
Scott, David 
Sewell 
Sherman 
Sherrill 
Sires 
Slotkin 
Smith (WA) 
Soto 
Spanberger 
Speier 
Stansbury 
Stanton 
Stevens 
Strickland 
Suozzi 
Swalwell 
Takano 
Thompson (CA) 
Thompson (MS) 
Titus 
Tlaib 
Tonko 
Torres (CA) 
Torres (NY) 
Trahan 
Trone 
Underwood 
Vargas 
Veasey 
Vela 
Vela´zquez 
Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters 
Watson Coleman 
Welch 
Wexton 
Wild 
Williams (GA) 
Wilson (FL) 
Yarmuth 
NAYS—213 
Aderholt 
Allen 
Amodei 
Armstrong 
Arrington 
Babin 
Bacon 
Baird 
Balderson 
Banks 
Barr 
Bentz 
Bergman 
Bice (OK) 
Biggs 
Bilirakis 
Bishop (NC) 
Boebert 
Bost 
Brady 
Brooks 
Buchanan 
Buck 
Bucshon 
Budd 
Burchett 
Burgess 
Calvert 
Cammack 
Carey 
Carl 
Carter (GA) 
Carter (TX) 
Cawthorn 
Chabot 
Cheney 
Cline 
Cloud 
Clyde 
Cole 
Comer 
Crawford 
Crenshaw 
Curtis 
Davidson 
Davis, Rodney 
DesJarlais 
Diaz-Balart 
Donalds 
Duncan 
Dunn 
Ellzey 
Emmer 
Estes 
Fallon 
Feenstra 
Ferguson 
Fischbach 
Fitzgerald 
Fitzpatrick 
Fleischmann 
Fortenberry 
Foxx 
Franklin, C. 
Scott 
Fulcher 
Gaetz 
Gallagher 
Garbarino 
Garcia (CA) 
Gibbs 
Gimenez 
Gohmert 
Golden 
Gonzales, Tony 
Gonzalez (OH) 
Good (VA) 
Gooden (TX) 
Gosar 
Granger 
Graves (LA) 
Graves (MO) 
Green (TN) 
Greene (GA) 
Griffith 
Grothman 
Guest 
Guthrie 
Hagedorn 
Harris 
Harshbarger 
Hartzler 
Hern 
Herrell 
Herrera Beutler 
Hice (GA) 
Higgins (LA) 
Hill 
Hinson 
Hollingsworth 
Hudson 
Huizenga 
Issa 
Jackson 
Jacobs (NY) 
Johnson (LA) 
Johnson (OH) 
Johnson (SD) 
Jordan 
Joyce (OH) 
Joyce (PA) 
Katko 
Keller 
Kelly (MS) 
Kelly (PA) 
Kim (CA) 
Kinzinger 
Kustoff 
LaHood 
LaMalfa 
Lamborn 
Latta 
LaTurner 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:10 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00008
Fmt 7634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO7.015
H19NOPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 7-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H6667 
November 19, 2021 
Lesko 
Letlow 
Long 
Loudermilk 
Lucas 
Luetkemeyer 
Mace 
Malliotakis 
Mann 
Massie 
Mast 
McCarthy 
McCaul 
McClain 
McClintock 
McHenry 
McKinley 
Meijer 
Meuser 
Miller (IL) 
Miller (WV) 
Miller-Meeks 
Moolenaar 
Mooney 
Moore (AL) 
Moore (UT) 
Mullin 
Murphy (NC) 
Nehls 
Newhouse 
Norman 
Nunes 
Obernolte 
Owens 
Palazzo 
Palmer 
Pence 
Pfluger 
Posey 
Reed 
Reschenthaler 
Rice (SC) 
Rodgers (WA) 
Rogers (AL) 
Rogers (KY) 
Rose 
Rosendale 
Rouzer 
Roy 
Rutherford 
Salazar 
Scalise 
Schweikert 
Scott, Austin 
Sessions 
Simpson 
Smith (MO) 
Smith (NE) 
Smith (NJ) 
Smucker 
Spartz 
Stauber 
Steel 
Stefanik 
Steil 
Steube 
Stewart 
Taylor 
Tenney 
Thompson (PA) 
Tiffany 
Timmons 
Turner 
Upton 
Valadao 
Van Drew 
Van Duyne 
Wagner 
Walberg 
Walorski 
Waltz 
Weber (TX) 
Webster (FL) 
Wenstrup 
Westerman 
Williams (TX) 
Wilson (SC) 
Wittman 
Womack 
Young 
Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—1 
Perry 
b 0944 
So the bill was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Ms. 
CLARK of Massachusetts). Without ob-
jection, a motion to reconsider is laid 
on the table. 
Mr. CLYDE. Madam Speaker, I ob-
ject. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Objec-
tion is heard. 
MEMBERS RECORDED PURSUANT TO HOUSE 
RESOLUTION 8, 117TH CONGRESS 
Amodei 
(Balderson) 
Baird (Walorski) 
Barraga´n 
(Allred) 
Blumenauer 
(Beyer) 
Boyle, Brendan 
F. (Jeffries) 
Brooks (Moore 
(AL)) 
Brown (MD) 
(Blunt 
Rochester) 
Buchanan 
(Waltz) 
Burgess (Lucas) 
Bustos 
(Brownley) 
Calvert (Garcia 
(CA)) 
Ca´rdenas 
(Gomez) 
Carey 
(Balderson) 
Carl (Rogers 
(AL)) 
Cleaver 
(Butterfield) 
Comer 
(LaTurner) 
Crenshaw 
(Mullin) 
Curtis (Moore 
(UT)) 
DeFazio 
(Carbajal) 
DeSaulnier 
(Thompson 
(CA)) 
Duncan 
(Timmons) 
Dunn (Waltz) 
Emmer 
(McHenry) 
Evans (Mfume) 
Fallon (Nehls) 
Ferguson 
(Kustoff) 
Fletcher (Allred) 
Garbarino 
(Jacobs (NY)) 
Gibbs (Bucshon) 
Gimenez (Waltz) 
Gohmert (Weber) 
Gonzales, Tony 
(Ellzey) 
Gonzalez (OH) 
(Armstrong) 
Green (TN) 
(DesJarlais) 
Hagedorn 
(Moolenaar) 
Harshbarger 
(Fleischmann) 
Hartzler 
(Walberg) 
Herrera Beutler 
(Moore (UT)) 
Hudson 
(Balderson) 
Huffman 
(McNerney) 
Issa (Garcia 
(CA)) 
Jackson (Nehls) 
Johnson (OH) 
(Fulcher) 
Johnson (TX) 
(Jeffries) 
Joyce (OH) 
(Valadao) 
Joyce (PA) 
(Keller) 
Katko (Meijer) 
Kelly (PA) 
(Keller) 
Kind (Connolly) 
Kinzinger 
(Valadao) 
Kirkpatrick 
(Stanton) 
Krishnamoorthi 
(Levin (CA)) 
LaHood (Miller 
(WV)) 
Lamborn 
(McHenry) 
Larsen (WA) 
(Connolly) 
Lawson (FL) 
(Mfume) 
Lesko (Miller 
(WV)) 
Letlow 
(Cammack) 
Lieu (Raskin) 
Long 
(Fleischmann) 
Loudermilk 
(Cammack) 
Lowenthal 
(Beyer) 
Lynch 
(Langevin) 
Mast (Waltz) 
McBath 
(Williams 
(GA)) 
McEachin 
(Wexton) 
Meeks (Jeffries) 
Moulton (Kahele) 
Napolitano 
(Correa) 
Nunes (Garcia 
(CA)) 
Payne (Pallone) 
Porter (Wexton) 
Reed (Walorski) 
Reschenthaler 
(Keller) 
Rice (NY) 
(Murphy (FL)) 
Rodgers (WA) 
(Moore (UT)) 
Roybal-Allard 
(McCollum) 
Rush (Quigley) 
Salazar (Waltz) 
Sewell (Cicilline) 
Sires (Pallone) 
Stauber 
(Bergman) 
Steube 
(Timmons) 
Stevens (Lee 
(NV)) 
Stewart (Moore 
(UT)) 
Strickland 
(Jeffries) 
Swalwell 
(Gomez) 
Thompson (MS) 
(Butterfield) 
Thompson (PA) 
(Meuser) 
Tiffany 
(Arrington) 
Trahan 
(Langevin) 
Trone (Beyer) 
Underwood 
(Casten) 
Veasey (Beatty) 
Welch 
(McGovern) 
Wilson (FL) 
(Hayes) 
Young (Spartz) 
Zeldin 
(Timmons) 
f 
MOTION TO RECONSIDER VOTE ON 
PASSAGE 
OF 
H.R. 
5376, 
BUILD 
BACK BETTER ACT 
Mr. NEAL. Madam Speaker, I have a 
motion at the desk. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Clerk will report the motion. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. Neal moves to reconsider the vote on 
passage of H.R. 5376. 
MOTION TO TABLE 
Mr. MCGOVERN. Madam Speaker, I 
have a motion at the desk. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Clerk will report the motion. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. McGovern moves to lay the motion to 
reconsider on the table. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion to table. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that 
the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. CLYDE. Madam Speaker, on that 
I demand the yeas and nays. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to section 3(s) of House Resolution 
8, the yeas and nays are ordered. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 217, nays 
105, not voting 112, as follows: 
[Roll No. 386] 
YEAS—217 
Adams 
Aguilar 
Allred 
Auchincloss 
Axne 
Barraga´n 
Bass 
Beatty 
Bera 
Beyer 
Bishop (GA) 
Blumenauer 
Blunt Rochester 
Bonamici 
Bourdeaux 
Bowman 
Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brown (MD) 
Brown (OH) 
Brownley 
Bush 
Bustos 
Butterfield 
Carbajal 
Ca´rdenas 
Carson 
Carter (LA) 
Cartwright 
Case 
Casten 
Castor (FL) 
Castro (TX) 
Chu 
Cicilline 
Clark (MA) 
Clarke (NY) 
Cleaver 
Clyburn 
Cohen 
Connolly 
Cooper 
Correa 
Costa 
Courtney 
Craig 
Crist 
Crow 
Cuellar 
Davids (KS) 
Davis, Danny K. 
Dean 
DeFazio 
DeGette 
DeLauro 
DelBene 
Delgado 
Demings 
DeSaulnier 
Deutch 
Dingell 
Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Escobar 
Eshoo 
Espaillat 
Evans 
Fletcher 
Foster 
Frankel, Lois 
Gallego 
Garamendi 
Garcı´a (IL) 
Garcia (TX) 
Golden 
Gomez 
Gonzalez, 
Vicente 
Gottheimer 
Green, Al (TX) 
Grijalva 
Harder (CA) 
Hayes 
Higgins (NY) 
Himes 
Horsford 
Houlahan 
Hoyer 
Huffman 
Jackson Lee 
Jacobs (CA) 
Jayapal 
Jeffries 
Johnson (GA) 
Johnson (TX) 
Kahele 
Kaptur 
Kelly (IL) 
Khanna 
Kildee 
Kilmer 
Kim (NJ) 
Kind 
Kirkpatrick 
Krishnamoorthi 
Kuster 
Lamb 
Langevin 
Larsen (WA) 
Larson (CT) 
Lawrence 
Lawson (FL) 
Lee (CA) 
Lee (NV) 
Leger Fernandez 
Levin (CA) 
Levin (MI) 
Lieu 
Lofgren 
Lowenthal 
Luria 
Lynch 
Malinowski 
Maloney, 
Carolyn B. 
Maloney, Sean 
Manning 
Matsui 
McBath 
McCollum 
McEachin 
McGovern 
McNerney 
Meeks 
Meng 
Mfume 
Moore (WI) 
Morelle 
Moulton 
Mrvan 
Murphy (FL) 
Nadler 
Napolitano 
Neal 
Neguse 
Newman 
Norcross 
O’Halleran 
Ocasio-Cortez 
Omar 
Pallone 
Panetta 
Pappas 
Pascrell 
Payne 
Pelosi 
Perlmutter 
Peters 
Phillips 
Pingree 
Pocan 
Porter 
Pressley 
Price (NC) 
Quigley 
Raskin 
Rice (NY) 
Ross 
Roybal-Allard 
Ruiz 
Ruppersberger 
Rush 
Ryan 
Sa´nchez 
Sarbanes 
Scanlon 
Schakowsky 
Schiff 
Schneider 
Schrader 
Schrier 
Scott (VA) 
Scott, David 
Sewell 
Sherman 
Sherrill 
Sires 
Slotkin 
Smith (WA) 
Soto 
Spanberger 
Speier 
Stansbury 
Stanton 
Stevens 
Strickland 
Suozzi 
Swalwell 
Takano 
Thompson (CA) 
Thompson (MS) 
Titus 
Tlaib 
Tonko 
Torres (CA) 
Torres (NY) 
Trahan 
Trone 
Underwood 
Vargas 
Veasey 
Vela´zquez 
Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters 
Watson Coleman 
Welch 
Wexton 
Wild 
Williams (GA) 
Wilson (FL) 
Yarmuth 
NAYS—105 
Aderholt 
Allen 
Armstrong 
Arrington 
Bacon 
Baird 
Banks 
Barr 
Bentz 
Bice (OK) 
Bilirakis 
Buchanan 
Buck 
Budd 
Burgess 
Cammack 
Carl 
Carter (GA) 
Cawthorn 
Chabot 
Cheney 
Cole 
Comer 
Duncan 
Dunn 
Feenstra 
Ferguson 
Fischbach 
Fitzpatrick 
Fleischmann 
Fortenberry 
Foxx 
Franklin, C. 
Scott 
Gallagher 
Garbarino 
Gimenez 
Gonzalez (OH) 
Graves (LA) 
Graves (MO) 
Grothman 
Guthrie 
Hagedorn 
Harshbarger 
Hartzler 
Herrell 
Herrera Beutler 
Hinson 
Hollingsworth 
Jacobs (NY) 
Johnson (OH) 
Johnson (SD) 
Jordan 
Joyce (PA) 
Katko 
Keller 
Kelly (PA) 
Kim (CA) 
Kustoff 
Latta 
LaTurner 
Letlow 
Long 
Loudermilk 
Mace 
Malliotakis 
Mann 
Mast 
McClintock 
McKinley 
Meijer 
Moolenaar 
Murphy (NC) 
Newhouse 
Obernolte 
Palazzo 
Palmer 
Reed 
Reschenthaler 
Rice (SC) 
Rogers (AL) 
Rogers (KY) 
Rouzer 
Rutherford 
Salazar 
Scott, Austin 
Steel 
Steil 
Steube 
Taylor 
Tenney 
Thompson (PA) 
Tiffany 
Timmons 
Turner 
Upton 
Van Duyne 
Walorski 
Waltz 
Webster (FL) 
Westerman 
Wilson (SC) 
Wittman 
Womack 
Young 
Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—112 
Amodei 
Babin 
Balderson 
Bergman 
Biggs 
Bishop (NC) 
Boebert 
Bost 
Brady 
Brooks 
Bucshon 
Burchett 
Calvert 
Carey 
Carter (TX) 
Cline 
Cloud 
Clyde 
Crawford 
Crenshaw 
Curtis 
Davidson 
Davis, Rodney 
DesJarlais 
Diaz-Balart 
Doggett 
Donalds 
Ellzey 
Emmer 
Estes 
Fallon 
Fitzgerald 
Fulcher 
Gaetz 
Garcia (CA) 
Gibbs 
Gohmert 
Gonzales, Tony 
Good (VA) 
Gooden (TX) 
Gosar 
Granger 
Green (TN) 
Greene (GA) 
Griffith 
Guest 
Harris 
Hern 
Hice (GA) 
Higgins (LA) 
Hill 
Hudson 
Huizenga 
Issa 
Jackson 
Johnson (LA) 
Jones 
Joyce (OH) 
Keating 
Kelly (MS) 
Kinzinger 
LaHood 
LaMalfa 
Lamborn 
Lesko 
Lucas 
Luetkemeyer 
Massie 
McCarthy 
McCaul 
McClain 
McHenry 
Meuser 
Miller (IL) 
Miller (WV) 
Miller-Meeks 
Mooney 
Moore (AL) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:10 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00009
Fmt 7634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO7.022
H19NOPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 8-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H6668 
November 19, 2021 
Moore (UT) 
Mullin 
Nehls 
Norman 
Nunes 
Owens 
Pence 
Perry 
Pfluger 
Posey 
Rodgers (WA) 
Rose 
Rosendale 
Roy 
Scalise 
Schweikert 
Sessions 
Simpson 
Smith (MO) 
Smith (NE) 
Smith (NJ) 
Smucker 
Spartz 
Stauber 
Stefanik 
Stewart 
Valadao 
Van Drew 
Vela 
Wagner 
Walberg 
Weber (TX) 
Wenstrup 
Williams (TX) 
b 1017 
So the motion to table was agreed to. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
MEMBERS RECORDED PURSUANT TO HOUSE 
RESOLUTION 8, 117TH CONGRESS 
Baird (Walorski) 
Barra´gan 
(Allred) 
Bishop (GA) 
(Williams 
(GA)) 
Blumenauer 
(Beyer) 
Boyle, Brendan 
F. (Jeffries) 
Brown (MD) 
(Blunt 
Rochester) 
Buchanan 
(Waltz) 
Burgess (Lucas) 
Bustos 
(Brownley) 
Ca´rdenas 
(Gomez) 
Carl (Rogers 
(AL)) 
Cleaver 
(Butterfield) 
Comer 
(LaTurner) 
DeFazio 
(Carbajal) 
DeSaulnier 
(Thompson 
(CA)) 
Duncan 
(Timmons) 
Dunn (Waltz) 
Espaillat 
(Correa) 
Evans (Mfume) 
Ferguson 
(Kustoff) 
Fletcher (Allred) 
Garbarino 
(Jacobs (NY)) 
Gimenez (Waltz) 
Gonzalez (OH) 
(Armstrong) 
Hagedorn 
(Moolenaar) 
Harshbarger 
(Fleischmann) 
Hartzler 
(Walberg) 
Herrera Beutler 
(Moore (UT)) 
Huffman 
(McNerney) 
Johnson (OH) 
(Fulcher) 
Johnson (TX) 
(Jeffries) 
Joyce (PA) 
(Keller) 
Katko (Meijer) 
Kelly (PA) 
(Keller) 
Kind (Connolly) 
Kirkpatrick 
(Stanton) 
Krishnamoorthi 
(Levin (CA)) 
Larsen (WA) 
(Connolly) 
Lawrence 
(Hayes) 
Lawson (FL) 
(Mfume) 
Letlow 
(Cammack) 
Lieu (Raskin) 
Long 
(Fleischmann) 
Loudermilk 
(Cammack) 
Lowenthal 
(Beyer) 
Lynch 
(Langevin) 
Mast (Waltz) 
McBath 
(Williams 
(GA)) 
McEachin 
(Wexton) 
Meeks (Jeffries) 
Moulton (Kahele) 
Napolitano 
(Correa) 
Payne (Pallone) 
Pingree (Kuster) 
Pocan (Raskin) 
Porter (Wexton) 
Reed (Walorski) 
Reschenthaler 
(Keller) 
Rice (NY) 
(Murphy (FL)) 
Roybal-Allard 
(McCollum) 
Rush (Quigley) 
Salazar (Waltz) 
Schakowsky 
(Schrier) 
Sewell (Cicilline) 
Sires (Pallone) 
Steube 
(Timmons) 
Stevens (Lee 
(NV)) 
Strickland 
(Jeffries) 
Swalwell 
(Gomez) 
Thompson (MS) 
(Butterfield) 
Thompson (PA) 
(Meuser) 
Tiffany 
(Arrington) 
Trahan 
(Langevin) 
Trone (Beyer) 
Underwood 
(Casten) 
Veasey (Beatty) 
Welch 
(McGovern) 
Wilson (FL) 
(Hayes) 
Zeldin 
(Timmons) 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Ms. JA-
COBS of California). Pursuant to section 
11(b) of House Resolution 188, the 
House stands adjourned until 11 a.m. on 
Tuesday, November 23, 2021. 
Thereupon (at 10 o’clock and 20 min-
utes a.m.), under its previous order, the 
House adjourned until Tuesday, No-
vember 23, 2021, at 11 a.m. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the 
Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
EC–2696. A letter from the Chairman, 
Council of the District of Columbia, trans-
mitting D.C. Act 24-238, ‘‘Sense of the Coun-
cil Medicare for All Support Resolution of 
2021’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 
602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on 
Oversight and Reform. 
EC–2697. A letter from the Senior Advisor, 
Department of Health and Human Services, 
transmitting (4) four notifications of a des-
ignation 
of 
acting 
officer, 
vacancy, 
or 
change in previously submitted reported in-
formation, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Pub-
lic Law 105-277, Sec. 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681- 
614); to the Committee on Oversight and Re-
form. 
EC–2698. A letter from the Senior Advisor, 
Department of Health and Human Services, 
transmitting one nomination, pursuant to 5 
U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105-277, Sec. 151(b); 
(112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on 
Oversight and Reform. 
EC–2699. A letter from the General Coun-
sel, General Services Administration, trans-
mitting one discontinuation in service in an 
acting role, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Pub-
lic Law 105-277, Sec. 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681- 
614); to the Committee on Oversight and Re-
form. 
EC–2700. A letter from the Treasurer, Na-
tional Gallery of Art, transmitting the Gal-
lery’s Inspector General Act of 1978 report 
for Fiscal Year 2021; to the Committee on 
Oversight and Reform. 
EC–2701. A letter from the Management 
and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Standard Instrument Ap-
proach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums 
and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Mis-
cellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 31389; 
Amdt. No.: 3974] received October 21, 2021, 
pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 
104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-
mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-
ture. 
EC–2702. A letter from the Management 
and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Standard Instrument Ap-
proach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums 
and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Mis-
cellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 31388; 
Amdt. No.: 3973] received October 21, 2021, 
pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 
104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-
mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-
ture. 
EC–2703. A letter from the Management 
and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — IFR Altitudes; Miscella-
neous 
Amendments 
[Docket 
No.: 
31390; 
Amdt. No.: 561] received October 21, 2021, pur-
suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 
121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee 
on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
EC–2704. A letter from the Management 
and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-
tives; Airbus SAS Airplanes [Docket No.: 
FAA-2021-0334; Project Identifier MCAI-2020- 
01662-T; Amendment 39-21686; AD 2017-17-03] 
(RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 21, 2021, 
pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 
104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-
mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-
ture. 
EC–2705. A letter from the Management 
and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-
tives; Airbus SAS Airplanes [Docket No.: 
FAA-2021-0128; Project Identifier MCAI-2020- 
01406-T; Amendment 39-21687; AD 2021-17-04] 
(RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 21, 2021, 
pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 
104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-
mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-
ture. 
EC–2706. A letter from the Management 
and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-
tives; 
ATR-GIE 
Avions 
de 
Transport 
Re´gional Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2021- 
0366; Project Identifier MCAI-2021-00080-T; 
Amendment 39-21685; AD 2021-17-02] (RIN: 
2120-AA64) received October 21, 2021, pursuant 
to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, 
Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on 
Transportation and Infrastructure. 
EC–2707. A letter from the Management 
and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-
tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-
et No.: FAA-2021-0376; Project Identifier AD- 
2021-00062-T; Amendment 39-21689; AD 2021-17- 
06] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 21, 2021, 
pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 
104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-
mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-
ture. 
EC–2708. A letter from the Management 
and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-
tives; Airbus SAS Airplanes [Docket No.: 
FAA-2021-0719; Project Identifier MCAI-2021- 
00858-T; Amendment 39-21709; AD 2021-18-08] 
(RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 21, 2021, 
pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 
104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-
mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-
ture. 
EC–2709. A letter from the Management 
and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-
tives; Airbus Helicopters [Docket No.: FAA- 
2021-0717; Project Identifier AD-2021-00814-R; 
Amendment 39-21707; AD 2021-18-06] (RIN: 
2120-AA64) received October 21, 2021, pursuant 
to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, 
Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on 
Transportation and Infrastructure. 
EC–2710. A letter from the Management 
and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-
tives; Airbus SAS Airplanes [Docket No.: 
FAA-2021-0142; Project Identifier MCAI-2020- 
01400-T; Amendment 39-21665; AD 2021-16-03] 
(RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 21, 2021, 
pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 
104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-
mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-
ture. 
EC–2711. A letter from the Management 
and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-
tives; Airbus Defense and Space S.A. (For-
merly 
Known 
as 
Construcciones 
Aeronauticas, S.A.) Airplanes [Docket No.: 
FAA-2021-0141; Project Identifier MCAI-2020- 
01162-T; Amendment 39-21669; AD 2021-16-07] 
(RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 21, 2021, 
pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 
104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-
mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-
ture. 
EC–2712. A letter from the Management 
and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-
tives; Airbus SAS Airplanes [Docket No.: 
FAA-2021-0192; Project Identifier MCAI-2020- 
01580-T; Amendment 39-21662; AD 2021-16-01] 
(RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 21, 2021, 
pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 
104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-
mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-
ture. 
EC–2713. A letter from the Management 
and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-
tives; CFM International, S.A. Turbofan En-
gines [Docket No.: FAA-2019-0597; Project 
Identifier 2019-NE-05-AD; Amendment 39- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:10 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00010
Fmt 7634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO7.025
H19NOPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 9-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H6669 
November 19, 2021 
21670; AD 2021-16-08] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received 
October 21, 2021, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 
801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 
Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-
tation and Infrastructure. 
EC–2714. A letter from the Management 
and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-
tives; CFM International, S.A. Turbofan En-
gines [Docket No.: FAA-2019-0597; Project 
Identifier 2019-NE-05-AD; Amendment 39- 
21670; AD 2021-16-08] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received 
October 21, 2021, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 
801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 
Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-
tation and Infrastructure. 
EC–2715. A letter from the Management 
and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-
tives; Airbus Helicopters [Docket No.: FAA- 
2021-0374; Project Identifier MCAI-2020-00543- 
R; Amendment 39-21663; AD 2021-16-02] (RIN: 
2120-AA64) received October 21, 2021, pursuant 
to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, 
Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on 
Transportation and Infrastructure. 
EC–2716. A letter from the Management 
and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-
tives; Leonardo S.p.a. Helicopters [Docket 
No.: FAA-2021-0455; Project Identifier 2018- 
SW-031-AD; Amendment 39-21699; AD 2021-17- 
16] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 21, 2021, 
pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 
104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-
mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-
ture. 
EC–2717. A letter from the Management 
and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-
tives; Leonardo S.p.a Helicopters [Docket 
No.: FAA-2021-0672; Project Identifier MCAI- 
2021-00304-R; Amendment 39-21693; AD 2021-17- 
10] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 21, 2021, 
pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 
104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-
mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-
ture. 
EC–2718. A letter from the Management 
and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-
tives; Leonardo S.p.a. Helicopters [Docket 
No.: FAA-2021-0686; Project Identifier MCAI- 
2021-00687-R; Amendment 39-21701; AD 2021-17- 
18] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 21, 2021, 
pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 
104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-
mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-
ture. 
EC–2719. A letter from the Management 
and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-
tives; PZL Swidnik S.A. Helicopters [Docket 
No.: FAA-2021-0683; Project Identifier MCAI- 
2020-00614-R; Amendment 39-21696; AD 2021-17- 
13] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 21, 2021, 
pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 
104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-
mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-
ture. 
EC–2720. A letter from the Management 
and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-
tives; BALO´ NY KUBI´Cˇ EK spol. s r.o. Bal-
loons [Docket No.: FAA-2021-0618; Project 
Identifier 2019-CE-005-AD; Amendment 39- 
21676; AD 2021-16-14] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received 
October 21, 2021, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 
801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 
Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-
tation and Infrastructure. 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following 
titles were introduced and severally re-
ferred, as follows: 
By Ms. LETLOW (for herself, Mr. 
MCCARTHY, Ms. FOXX, Mr. OWENS, Mr. 
BANKS, Ms. STEFANIK, Mr. SCALISE, 
Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana, Mr. HUD-
SON, Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana, Mr. 
JOYCE of Pennsylvania, Mrs. MILLER 
of Illinois, Mr. RESCHENTHALER, Mr. 
CAWTHORN, Mr. MAST, Mr. ADERHOLT, 
Mr. MCKINLEY, Mr. HIGGINS of Lou-
isiana, 
Mrs. 
CAMMACK, 
Mr. 
MOOLENAAR, Mr. FITZGERALD, Mr. 
RUTHERFORD, 
Mr. 
CRAWFORD, 
Mr. 
CHABOT, Mr. LAMBORN, Mrs. STEEL, 
Mr. BOST, Mr. ROUZER, Mr. PALAZZO, 
Mr. HUIZENGA, Mr. OBERNOLTE, Mr. 
BABIN, Mr. PFLUGER, Mr. WALBERG, 
Mr. GUEST, Mr. MOONEY, Mr. MURPHY 
of North Carolina, Mr. TIFFANY, Ms. 
TENNEY, Mrs. MILLER-MEEKS, Mrs. 
HARSHBARGER, 
Mr. 
STEIL, 
Mr. 
WENSTRUP, Mr. STEUBE, Ms. VAN 
DUYNE, Mr. THOMPSON
of Pennsyl-
vania, Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania, 
Mr. POSEY, Mr. VAN DREW, Mr. KEL-
LER, Ms. MALLIOTAKIS, Mr. DUNCAN, 
Mr. 
KUSTOFF, 
Mr. 
BAIRD, 
Mr. 
BUCHANAN, Mrs. LESKO, Mr. GIMENEZ, 
Mr. BERGMAN, Mr. SESSIONS, Mr. 
MOORE of Alabama, Mr. HERN, Mr. 
JACOBS of New York, Mr. WALTZ, Mr. 
ALLEN, Mr. CARTER of Georgia, Mrs. 
RODGERS
of 
Washington, 
Mr. 
FEENSTRA, Mr. GROTHMAN, Mr. HAR-
RIS, Mr. WEBER of Texas, Mr. MULLIN, 
Mr. MCCAUL, Mr. LATURNER, and Mr. 
MEUSER): 
H.R. 6056. A bill to ensure the rights of par-
ents are honored and protected in the Na-
tion’s public schools; to the Committee on 
Education and Labor. 
By Mr. BEYER (for himself, Ms. TITUS, 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New 
York, and Ms. SALAZAR): 
H.R. 6057. A bill to create a short form tax 
return to simplify the return process for cer-
tain taxpayers living abroad, and for other 
purposes; to the Committee on Ways and 
Means. 
By Ms. DEAN: 
H.R. 6058. A bill to extend the authority of 
the Secretary of Defense to transfer funds 
for a certain study on per- and polyfluoalkyl 
substance contamination in drinking water, 
and for other purposes; to the Committee on 
Armed Services. 
By Mr. GARAMENDI (for himself and 
Mr. YOUNG): 
H.R. 6059. A bill to support wildlife con-
servation, improve anti-trafficking enforce-
ment, provide dedicated funding at no ex-
pense to taxpayers, and for other purposes; 
to the Committee on Natural Resources, and 
in addition to the Committees on the Judici-
ary, and Foreign Affairs, for a period to be 
subsequently determined by the Speaker, in 
each case for consideration of such provi-
sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the 
committee concerned. 
By Mr. HARRIS (for himself, Mr. 
BABIN, Mrs. CAMMACK, Mr. HUDSON, 
Mr. GROTHMAN, Mr. DUNCAN, Mr. 
ADERHOLT, Mr. POSEY, Mr. TIMMONS, 
Mr. LAMBORN, Mr. NORMAN, Mr. HICE 
of Georgia, Mr. BUDD, Mr. BIGGS, Mrs. 
MILLER of Illinois, Mr. CHABOT, Mr. 
MOONEY, Ms. HERRELL, Mr. MASSIE, 
Mr. MOORE of Utah, Mr. CARTER of 
Georgia, 
Mr. 
FORTENBERRY, 
Mrs. 
BOEBERT, Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illi-
nois, Mr. PALMER, Ms. FOXX, Mr. 
MAST, Mr. WILLIAMS of Texas, Mrs. 
HINSON, Mr. WALBERG, Mr. MCKINLEY, 
Mr. 
ROGERS
of 
Alabama, 
Mr. 
LAMALFA, Mr. WEBER of Texas, Mr. 
GOHMERT, Mrs. MILLER-MEEKS, Mr. 
GOOD
of Virginia, Mr. ROY, Mr. 
MOORE
of Alabama, Mr. LUETKE-
MEYER, Mr. LATURNER, Mr. LATTA, 
Mr. GOODEN of Texas, Mr. SMUCKER, 
Mr. WENSTRUP, Mr. LAHOOD, Mr. 
GRAVES of Louisiana, Mr. CRAWFORD, 
Mr. RUTHERFORD, Mr. ROUZER, Mr. 
THOMPSON
of 
Pennsylvania, 
Mr. 
MOOLENAAR, Mr. HERN, Mr. MEIJER, 
Mr. 
CLINE, 
Mr. 
ROSENDALE, 
Mr. 
BUCSHON, 
Mr. 
LOUDERMILK, 
Mr. 
HUIZENGA, Mr. CARL, Mrs. HARTZLER, 
Mr. BURGESS, Mr. PENCE, Mr. ALLEN, 
Mr. KUSTOFF, Mr. BERGMAN, Mr. 
COLE, Mrs. WALORSKI, Mr. KELLER, 
Mr. BOST, Mrs. LESKO, Mr. JACKSON, 
Mr. GRAVES of Missouri, Mr. DAVID-
SON, Ms. LETLOW, Mr. STEIL, Mr. WIL-
SON of South Carolina, Ms. STEFANIK, 
Mrs. MCCLAIN, Mr. BANKS, Mr. RICE 
of South Carolina, Mr. SMITH of Ne-
braska, 
Mr. 
FITZGERALD, 
Mr. 
C. 
SCOTT
FRANKLIN
of 
Florida, 
Mr. 
BURCHETT, Mr. WEBSTER of Florida, 
Mr. 
SIMPSON, 
Mr. 
GUTHRIE, 
Mr. 
FEENSTRA, Mr. GUEST, Mr. STEUBE, 
Mr. 
CLYDE, 
Mr. 
CRENSHAW, 
Mr. 
RESCHENTHALER, Mr. FALLON, Mr. 
BACON, Mr. DIAZ-BALART, Mr. GRIF-
FITH, Mr. HOLLINGSWORTH, and Mr. 
JOHNSON of Louisiana): 
H.R. 6060. A bill to amend the Public 
Health Service Act to prohibit governmental 
discrimination against health care providers 
that do not participate in abortion; to the 
Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. KILMER (for himself and Ms. 
HERRERA BEUTLER): 
H.R. 6061. A bill to authorize Federal agen-
cies to establish prize competitions for inno-
vation or adaptation management develop-
ment relating to ocean acidification; to the 
Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-
nology, and in addition to the Committee on 
the Budget, for a period to be subsequently 
determined by the Speaker, in each case for 
consideration of such provisions as fall with-
in the jurisdiction of the committee con-
cerned. 
By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of 
New York (for herself, Mr. CONNOLLY, 
and Mr. LYNCH): 
H.R. 6062. A bill to amend title 5, United 
States Code, to strengthen and enhance en-
forcement and penalties of the Hatch Act, 
and for other purposes; to the Committee on 
Oversight and Reform. 
By Ms. MCCOLLUM (for herself and Mr. 
MULLIN): 
H.R. 6063. A bill to provide for the equi-
table settlement of certain Indian land dis-
putes regarding land in Illinois, and for other 
purposes; to the Committee on Natural Re-
sources. 
By Mr. NEHLS (for himself, Mr. BOST, 
Mrs. 
LURIA, 
Mr. 
BERGMAN, 
Mr. 
ELLZEY, and Mrs. MILLER-MEEKS): 
H.R. 6064. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Veterans Affairs to seek to enter into an 
agreement with the National Academies of 
Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine for a re-
view of examinations, furnished by the Sec-
retary, to individuals who submit claims to 
the Secretary for compensation under chap-
ter 11 of title 38, United States Code, for 
mental and physical conditions linked to 
military sexual trauma; to the Committee 
on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. TURNER (for himself, Mr. DA-
VIDSON, Mr. JOHNSON
of Ohio, Mr. 
RYAN, and Mr. CHABOT): 
H.R. 6065. A bill to authorize the Secretary 
of Energy to release a reversionary interest 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:10 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00011
Fmt 7634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\L19NO7.000
H19NOPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 10-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE
H6670 
November 19, 2021 
in certain real property, and for other pur-
poses; to the Committee on Energy and Com-
merce, and in addition to the Committee on 
Armed Services, for a period to be subse-
quently determined by the Speaker, in each 
case for consideration of such provisions as 
fall within the jurisdiction of the committee 
concerned. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of Rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-
tives, the following statement are sub-
mitted regarding the specific powers 
granted to Congress in the Constitu-
tion to enact the accompanying bill or 
joint resolution. 
By Ms. LETLOW: 
H.R. 6056. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, of the Constitution of 
the United States. 
By Mr. BEYER: 
H.R. 6057. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 
By Ms. DEAN: 
H.R. 6058. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 
By Mr. GARAMENDI: 
H.R. 6059. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 and Article 
IV, Section 3, Clause 2 of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Mr. HARRIS: 
H.R. 6060. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill makes specific changes to exist-
ing law in a manner that provides conscience 
protection in accord with the 1st Amend-
ment of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. KILMER: 
H.R. 6061. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 
By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of 
New York: 
H.R. 6062. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Con-
stitution of the United States grants the 
Congress the power to enact this law. 
By Ms. MCCOLLUM: 
H.R. 6063. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article l, Section 8 of the Constitution 
By Mr. NEHLS: 
H.R. 6064. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, clause 1 of the United 
States Constitution 
By Mr. TURNER: 
H.R. 6065. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 ‘‘To make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for 
carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-
ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-
stitution in the Government of the United 
States, or in any Department or Officer 
thereof.’’ 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-
tions, as follows: 
H.R. 379: Ms. BONAMICI and Ms. PINGREE. 
H.R. 616: Mr. MORELLE. 
H.R. 729: Mr. CORREA, Mr. NADLER, Ms. 
PLASKETT, and Mr. VICENTE
GONZALEZ
of 
Texas. 
H.R. 748: Mr. KILMER. 
H.R. 1384: Mr. MFUME. 
H.R. 2192: Mr. ALLRED. 
H.R. 2249: Mr. WESTERMAN. 
H.R. 2293: Ms. BONAMICI. 
H.R. 2515: Mr. CRENSHAW. 
H.R. 2586: Mr. ALLRED, Ms. ESHOO, Mr. 
TRONE, Mr. GARAMENDI, Ms. TITUS, Mr. JOHN-
SON of Georgia, Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia, 
Mr. KHANNA, and Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. 
H.R. 3352: Mr. MCKINLEY, Ms. OMAR, Mr. 
BISHOP of Georgia, Ms. BOURDEAUX, and Ms. 
SA´ NCHEZ. 
H.R. 3525: Mr. MOULTON. 
H.R. 3577: Mr. TAKANO and Mr. WITTMAN. 
H.R. 4130: Ms. BROWNLEY, Mr. ESPAILLAT, 
Mr. NORCROSS, Mr. GOMEZ, and Mrs. MCBATH. 
H.R. 4176: Ms. DAVIDS of Kansas. 
H.R. 4328: Mr. VICENTE GONZALEZ of Texas 
and Mrs. FLETCHER. 
H.R. 4402: Mrs. FLETCHER, Mr. DEUTCH, 
Mrs. DINGELL, Mr. NORCROSS, Mr. DOGGETT, 
and Mr. MORELLE. 
H.R. 4442: Mr. JONES and Ms. BLUNT ROCH-
ESTER. 
H.R. 5141: Ms. DEAN. 
H.R. 5162: Mr. JACKSON and Mr. GROTHMAN. 
H.R. 5342: Mrs. DINGELL. 
H.R. 5429: Mr. SCHNEIDER and Mr. CREN-
SHAW. 
H.R. 5497: Mr. HUFFMAN. 
H.R. 5527: Mr. LAMALFA. 
H.R. 5579: Mrs. KIM
of California, Ms. 
ESHOO, Ms. CHU, Mr. THOMPSON of California, 
Ms. JACOBS of California, Mr. HARDER of 
California, Ms. SA´ NCHEZ, Mr. VARGAS, Mr. 
CA´ RDENAS, Mr. RUIZ, Mr. HUFFMAN, Mr. 
DESAULNIER, Mr. CARBAJAL, Mr. CORREA, Mr. 
SHERMAN, and Mr. GOMEZ. 
H.R. 5638: Mr. BUDD and Mr. NORMAN. 
H.R. 5655: Mr. PALAZZO. 
H.R. 5731: Mr. BIGGS and Mr. STEUBE. 
H.R. 5735: Mr. CARSON and Mr. REED. 
H.R. 5809: Mr. CORREA and Ms. ESHOO. 
H.R. 5823: Ms. CHU. 
H.R. 5903: Mr. BUDD. 
H.R. 5911: Mr. SESSIONS. 
H.R. 5916: Mr. COSTA. 
H.R. 5952: Mr. MCHENRY. 
H.R. 6033: Mr. CRENSHAW. 
H. Res. 119: Mr. HORSFORD. 
H. Res. 167: Ms. BASS, Mr. BUTTERFIELD, 
Ms. CHU, Mr. DEFAZIO, Mr. GOTTHEIMER, Ms. 
JACKSON LEE, Ms. LEE of California, Ms. 
MATSUI, Mr. PAYNE, Ms. SEWELL, and Miss 
GONZA´ LEZ-COLO´ N. 
H. Res. 712: Mr. GRIJALVA. 
H. Res. 754: Mr. GOOD of Virginia. 
H. Res. 773: Mr. MALINOWSKI, Mr. DEUTCH, 
and Mr. PHILLIPS. 
H. Res. 790: Ms. SEWELL. 
H. Res. 794: Mr. LAHOOD. 
H. Res. 814: Mr. BLUMENAUER. 
H. Res. 815: Mr. MOOLENAAR, Mr. VELA, and 
Mr. MANN. 
f 
DISCHARGE PETITIONS— 
ADDITIONS AND WITHDRAWALS 
The following Members added their 
names to the following discharge peti-
tion: 
Petition 6 by Mr. BIGGS on House Resolu-
tion 673: Mr. Calvert, Mr. Wenstrup, and Mr. 
Keller. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:10 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00012
Fmt 7634
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\L19NO7.100
H19NOPT1
dlhill on DSK120RN23PROD with HOUSE

 -Page 11-
Congressional Record
U
N
U
M
E
P
LU
RI
B
U
S
United States
of America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 117th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.
S8543 
Vol. 167 
WASHINGTON, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 19, 2021 
No. 202 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was 
called to order by the Honorable AMY 
KLOBUCHAR, a Senator from the State 
of Minnesota. 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-
fered the following prayer: 
Let us pray. 
Almighty God, the fountain of wis-
dom and strength, thank You for the 
beauty and glory of this day. 
Lord, with Your presence, You have 
provided a love that never fades, and 
with Your guidance, we have found 
dreams that lead to abundant living. 
Lead on, great King eternal, for we fol-
low not in fear. 
Today, guide our Senators to new 
levels of excellence. Give them robust 
health, faith for their perplexities, wis-
dom for their decisions, and light for 
the path ahead. 
We pray in Your marvelous Name. 
Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The Presiding Officer led the Pledge 
of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-
lic for which it stands, one nation under God, 
indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING 
PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE 
The 
PRESIDING 
OFFICER. 
The 
clerk will please read a communication 
to the Senate from the President pro 
tempore (Mr. LEAHY). 
The assistant senior legislative clerk 
read the following letter: 
U.S. SENATE, 
PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE, 
Washington, DC, November 19, 2021. 
To the Senate: 
Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, 
of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby 
appoint the Honorable AMY KLOBUCHAR, a 
Senator from the State of Minnesota, to per-
form the duties of the Chair. 
PATRICK J. LEAHY, 
President pro tempore. 
Ms. KLOBUCHAR thereupon assumed 
the Chair as Acting President pro tem-
pore. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. Under the previous order, the 
leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING 
BUSINESS 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. Morning business is closed. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-
TION 
ACT 
FOR 
FISCAL 
YEAR 
2022—Motion to Proceed—Resumed 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. Under the previous order, the 
Senate will resume consideration of 
the motion to proceed to H.R. 4350, 
which the clerk will report. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
Motion to proceed to Calendar No. 144, 
H.R. 4350, a bill to authorize appropriations 
for fiscal year 2022 for military activities of 
the Department of Defense, for military con-
struction, and for defense activities of the 
Department of Energy, to prescribe military 
personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and 
for other purposes. 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. All postcloture time is expired. 
The question is on agreeing to the 
motion to proceed. 
The motion was agreed to. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-
TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2022 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. The clerk will report the bill by 
title. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 4350) to authorize appropria-
tions for fiscal year 2022 for military activi-
ties of the Department of Defense, for mili-
tary construction, and for defense activities 
of the Department of Energy, to prescribe 
military personnel strengths for such fiscal 
year, and for other purposes. 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. The Senator from Rhode Island. 
AMENDMENT NO. 3867, AS MODIFIED 
Mr. REED. Madam President, I call 
up amendment No. 3867, as modified, 
and I ask that it be reported by num-
ber. 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
The clerk will report the amendment 
by number. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
The Senator from Rhode Island [Mr. REED] 
proposes an amendment numbered 3867, as 
modified. 
The amendment is as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-
sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘National De-
fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 
2022’’. 
SEC. 2. ORGANIZATION OF ACT INTO DIVISIONS; 
TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) DIVISIONS.—This Act is organized into 
four divisions as follows: 
(1) Division A—Department of Defense Au-
thorizations. 
(2) Division B—Military Construction Au-
thorizations. 
(3) Division C—Department of Energy Na-
tional Security Authorizations and Other 
Authorizations. 
(4) Division D—Funding Tables. 
(5) Division E—Additional Provisions. 
(6) Division F—Intelligence Authorization 
Act for Fiscal Year 2022. 
(7) Division G—Department of State Au-
thorization Act of 2021. 
(8) Division H—Reauthorization pf Native 
American Housing Assistance and Self-De-
termination Act of 1996. 
(b) TABLE OF CONTENTS.—The table of con-
tents for this Act is as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00001
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.000
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE
® 
Pdnted on recycled papfil 

 -Page 12-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8544 
November 19, 2021 
Sec. 1. Short title. 
Sec. 2. Organization of Act into divisions; 
table of contents. 
Sec. 3. Congressional defense committees. 
Sec. 4. Budgetary effects of this Act. 
TITLE I—PROCUREMENT 
Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations 
Sec. 101. Authorization of appropriations. 
Subtitle B—Army Programs 
Sec. 121. Multiyear procurement authority 
for AH–64E Apache helicopters. 
Sec. 122. Multiyear procurement authority 
for UH–60M and HH–60M Black 
Hawk helicopters. 
Sec. 123. Report and limitations on acquisi-
tion of Integrated Visual Aug-
mentation System. 
Sec. 124. Modification of deployment by the 
Army of interim cruise missile 
defense capability. 
Subtitle C—Navy Programs 
Sec. 131. Extension of prohibition on avail-
ability of funds for Navy port 
waterborne security barriers. 
Sec. 132. Analysis of certain radar invest-
ment options. 
Sec. 133. Extension of report on Littoral 
Combat Ship mission packages. 
Sec. 134. Extension of procurement authori-
ties 
for 
certain 
amphibious 
shipbuilding programs. 
Sec. 135. Limitation on decommissioning or 
inactivating a battle force ship 
before the end of expected serv-
ice life. 
Sec. 136. Acquisition, 
modernization, 
and 
sustainment plan for carrier air 
wings. 
Sec. 137. Improving oversight of Navy con-
tracts for shipbuilding, conver-
sion, and repair. 
Subtitle D—Air Force Programs 
Sec. 141. Required minimum inventory of 
tactical airlift aircraft. 
Sec. 142. Extension of inventory require-
ment for Air Force fighter air-
craft. 
Sec. 143. Prohibition on use of funds for re-
tirement of A–10 aircraft. 
Sec. 144. Requirements relating to reports 
on fighter aircraft. 
Sec. 145. Prohibition on additional F–35 air-
craft 
for 
the 
Air 
National 
Guard. 
Sec. 146. Prohibition on availability of funds 
for reducing the number of KC– 
135 aircraft of the Air National 
Guard designated as primary 
mission aircraft inventory. 
Sec. 147. Authority to divest 18 KC–135 air-
craft. 
Sec. 148. Prohibition on use of funds for a 
follow-on tanker aircraft to the 
KC–46 aircraft. 
Sec. 149. Maintenance of B–1 bomber aircraft 
squadrons. 
Subtitle E—Defense-wide, Joint, and 
Multiservice Matters 
Sec. 161. Prohibition on duplication of ef-
forts to provide air- and space- 
based ground moving target in-
dicator capability. 
Sec. 162. Limitation on funds for armed 
overwatch aircraft. 
Sec. 163. Transition 
of 
F–35 
program 
sustainment from Joint Pro-
gram Office to Air Force and 
Navy. 
TITLE II—RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, 
TEST, AND EVALUATION 
Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations 
Sec. 201. Authorization of appropriations. 
Subtitle B—Program Requirements, 
Restrictions, and Limitations 
Sec. 211. Increase in allowable rate of basic 
pay for certain employees of 
Defense 
Advanced 
Research 
Projects Agency. 
Sec. 212. Additional mission areas for mech-
anisms for expedited access to 
technical talent and expertise 
at academic institutions by De-
partment of Defense. 
Sec. 213. Modification of other transaction 
authority for research projects. 
Sec. 214. Artificial intelligence metrics. 
Sec. 215. Modification of the Joint Common 
Foundation Program. 
Sec. 216. Executive education on emerging 
technologies for senior civilian 
and military leaders. 
Sec. 217. Improvements relating to national 
network for microelectronics 
research and development. 
Sec. 218. Activities to accelerate domestic 
quantum computing capabili-
ties. 
Sec. 219. Pilot programs for passive tele-
communications infrastructure 
to facilitate installation 5G de-
ployment. 
Sec. 220. National Guard participation in 
microreactor testing and eval-
uation. 
Sec. 221. Limitation on transfer of certain 
operational flight test events 
and reduction in operational 
flight test capacity. 
Sec. 222. Limitation on availability of funds 
for the High Accuracy Detec-
tion and Exploitation System. 
Subtitle C—Codification and Technical 
Corrections 
Sec. 231. Codification of direct hire author-
ity at personnel demonstration 
laboratories for advanced de-
gree holders. 
Sec. 232. Codification of authorities relating 
to 
Department 
of 
Defense 
science and technology reinven-
tion laboratories. 
Sec. 233. Codification of requirement for De-
fense Established Program to 
Stimulate 
Competitive 
Re-
search. 
Sec. 234. Technical correction to pilot pro-
gram for enhancement of re-
search, development, test, and 
evaluation centers of Depart-
ment of Defense. 
Subtitle D—Plans, Reports, and Other 
Matters 
Sec. 241. Study on efficient use of Depart-
ment of Defense test and eval-
uation organizations, facilities, 
and laboratories. 
Sec. 242. Analysis of potential modifications 
to Department of Defense un-
manned 
aerial 
systems 
cat-
egorization. 
Sec. 243. Digital development infrastructure 
plan and working group. 
Sec. 244. Optionally Manned Fighting Vehi-
cle requirements analysis. 
Sec. 245. Making permanent requirement for 
annual report by Director of 
Operational Test and Evalua-
tion. 
TITLE III—OPERATION AND 
MAINTENANCE 
Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations 
Sec. 301. Authorization of appropriations. 
Subtitle B—Energy and Environment 
Sec. 311. Expansion of purposes of Sentinel 
Landscapes 
Partnership 
pro-
gram to include resilience. 
Sec. 312. Maintenance of current analytical 
tools in evaluating energy resil-
ience measures. 
Sec. 313. Military Aviation and Installation 
Assurance Clearinghouse mat-
ters. 
Sec. 314. Exemption from prohibition on use 
of open-air burn pits in contin-
gency operations outside the 
United States. 
Sec. 315. Demonstration program on domes-
tic production of rare earth ele-
ments from coal byproducts. 
Sec. 316. Authority to transfer amounts de-
rived from energy cost savings. 
Sec. 317. Sense of Senate on energy inde-
pendence and diversification. 
Subtitle C—National Security Climate 
Resilience 
Sec. 331. Short title. 
Sec. 332. Definitions. 
Sec. 333. Climate resilience in planning, en-
gagement 
strategies, 
infra-
structure, and force develop-
ment of Department of Defense. 
Sec. 334. Climate Resilience Infrastructure 
Initiative of the Department of 
Defense. 
Sec. 335. Assessment of climate risks to in-
frastructure of Department of 
Defense. 
Subtitle D—Treatment of Perfluoroalkyl 
Substances and Polyfluoroalkyl Substances 
Sec. 351. Treatment by Department of De-
fense 
of 
perfluoroalkyl 
sub-
stances 
and 
polyfluoroalkyl 
substances. 
Sec. 352. Public disclosure of testing and re-
sults of Department of Defense 
testing for perfluoroalkyl or 
polyfluoroalkyl substances and 
additional 
requirements 
for 
testing. 
Sec. 353. Extension of transfer authority for 
funding of study and assess-
ment on health implications of 
per- and polyfluoroalkyl sub-
stances 
contamination 
in 
drinking water by Agency for 
Toxic Substances and Disease 
Registry. 
Sec. 354. Report 
on 
remediation 
of 
perfluoroalkyl substances and 
polyfluoroalkyl substances at 
certain military installations. 
Sec. 355. Report on schedule for completion 
of 
remediation 
of 
perfluoroalkyl substances and 
polyfluoroalkyl substances. 
Subtitle E—Other Matters 
Sec. 371. Extension of temporary authority 
to extend contracts and leases 
under the ARMS Initiative. 
Sec. 372. Incident reporting requirements for 
Department of Defense regard-
ing lost or stolen weapons. 
Sec. 373. Repeal of sunset for naval vessel 
examination report. 
Sec. 374. Report on ammunition organic in-
dustrial base modernization by 
Department of the Army. 
Sec. 375. Annual report by Secretary of the 
Navy on ship maintenance. 
TITLE IV—MILITARY PERSONNEL 
AUTHORIZATIONS 
Subtitle A—Active Forces 
Sec. 401. End strengths for active forces. 
Sec. 402. Authority with respect to author-
ized strengths for general and 
flag officers within the Armed 
Forces for emerging require-
ments. 
Sec. 403. Additional authority to vary Space 
Force end strength. 
Sec. 404. Temporary exemption from end 
strength grade restrictions for 
the Space Force. 
Subtitle B—Reserve Forces 
Sec. 411. End strengths for Selected Reserve. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00002
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0655
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 13-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8545 
November 19, 2021 
Sec. 412. End strengths for Reserves on ac-
tive duty in support of the re-
serves. 
Sec. 413. End strengths for military techni-
cians (dual status). 
Sec. 414. Maximum number of reserve per-
sonnel authorized to be on ac-
tive duty for operational sup-
port. 
Subtitle C—Authorization of Appropriations 
Sec. 421. Military personnel. 
TITLE V—MILITARY PERSONNEL POLICY 
Subtitle A—Officer Personnel Policy 
Sec. 501. Increase in authorized lieutenant 
commander billets in the Navy. 
Sec. 502. Time in grade requirements. 
Subtitle B—General Service Authorities and 
Correction of Military Records 
PART I— SELECTIVE SERVICE REFORM 
Sec. 511. Modernization 
of 
the 
Selective 
Service System. 
Sec. 512. Report 
on 
exemptions 
and 
deferments for a possible mili-
tary draft. 
Sec. 513. Report on processes and procedures 
for appeal of denial of status or 
benefits for failure to register 
for Selective Service. 
Sec. 514. Responsibilities for national mobi-
lization; 
personnel 
require-
ments. 
Sec. 515. Enhancements to national mobili-
zation exercises. 
PART II—OTHER MATTERS 
Sec. 518. Military service independent racial 
disparity review. 
Sec. 519. Appeals to Physical Evaluation 
Board determinations of fitness 
for duty. 
Sec. 520. Extension of paid parental leave. 
Sec. 520A. Bereavement leave for members 
of the Armed Forces. 
Subtitle C—Prevention and Response to Sex-
ual Assault, Harassment, and Related Mis-
conduct, and Other Military Justice Mat-
ters 
Sec. 521. DoD Safe Helpline authorization to 
perform intake of official re-
stricted and unrestricted re-
ports for eligible adult sexual 
assault victims. 
Sec. 522. Assessment of relationship between 
command climate and the pre-
vention 
and 
adjudication 
of 
military sexual misconduct. 
Sec. 523. Policy for ensuring the annual re-
port regarding sexual assaults 
involving 
members 
of 
the 
Armed Forces includes informa-
tion on race and ethnicity of 
victims. 
Sec. 524. Department of Defense tracking of 
allegations of retaliation by 
victims of sexual assault or sex-
ual harassment and related per-
sons. 
Sec. 525. Special Victim’s Counsel represen-
tation of civilian victims of 
sex-related offenses. 
Sec. 526. Notice to victims of further admin-
istrative action following a de-
termination not to refer to 
trial by court-martial. 
Sec. 527. Recommendations on separate pu-
nitive article in the Uniform 
Code of Military Justice on vio-
lent extremism. 
Sec. 528. Determination and reporting of 
missing, absent unknown, ab-
sent without leave, and duty 
status-whereabouts 
unknown 
service members. 
Sec. 529. Conduct unbecoming an officer. 
Sec. 530. Analysis of the use of non-judicial 
punishment. 
Sec. 530A. Sexual Assault Response Coordi-
nator 
Military 
Occupational 
Specialty. 
Sec. 530B. Implementation of recommenda-
tions of the Independent Re-
view Commission on Sexual As-
sault in the Military. 
Subtitle D—Military Justice Reform and 
Sexual Assault Prevention 
PART I—MILITARY JUSTICE MATTERS 
Sec. 531. Special victim prosecutors. 
Sec. 532. Policies with respect to special vic-
tim prosecutors. 
Sec. 533. Definition of military magistrate, 
special victim offense, and spe-
cial victim prosecutor. 
Sec. 534. Clarification of applicability of do-
mestic violence and stalking to 
dating partners. 
Sec. 535. Clarification relating to who may 
convene courts-martial. 
Sec. 536. Inclusion of sexual harassment as 
general punitive article. 
Sec. 537. Determinations of impracticability 
of rehearing. 
Sec. 538. Plea agreements. 
Sec. 539. Opportunity to obtain witness and 
other evidence in trials by 
court-martial. 
Sec. 540. Former jeopardy. 
Sec. 541. Advice to convening authority be-
fore referral for trial. 
Sec. 542. Preliminary hearing. 
Sec. 543. Detail of trial counsel. 
Sec. 544. Sentencing reform. 
Sec. 545. Uniform, document-based data sys-
tem. 
Sec. 546. Primary prevention workforce. 
Sec. 547. Annual 
primary 
prevention 
re-
search agenda. 
Sec. 548. Full functionality of certain advi-
sory committees and panels. 
Sec. 549. Military defense counsel parity. 
Sec. 550. Resourcing. 
Sec. 551. Applicability to the United States 
Coast Guard. 
Sec. 552. Effective date. 
PART II—MILITARY JUSTICE IMPROVEMENT 
AND INCREASING PREVENTION 
Sec. 561. Short title. 
Sec. 562. Improvement of determinations on 
disposition of charges for cer-
tain offenses under UCMJ with 
authorized maximum sentence 
of confinement of more than 
one year. 
Sec. 563. Modification of officers authorized 
to convene general and special 
courts-martial for certain of-
fenses under UCMJ with au-
thorized maximum sentence of 
confinement of more than one 
year. 
Sec. 564. Discharge using otherwise author-
ized personnel and resources. 
Sec. 565. Monitoring 
and 
assessment 
of 
modification of authorities by 
Defense Advisory Committee on 
Investigation, Prosecution, and 
Defense of Sexual Assault in 
the Armed Forces. 
Sec. 566. Limitation on modifications to sex-
ual assault reporting proce-
dures. 
Sec. 567. Professionalization 
of 
military 
prosecutors. 
Sec. 568. Increased training and education 
on military sexual assault. 
Sec. 569. Increasing the physical security of 
military installations. 
Sec. 570. Effective date and applicability. 
Subtitle E—Member Education, Training, 
and Transition 
Sec. 571. Modification of grant program sup-
porting science, technology, en-
gineering, and math education 
in the Junior Reserve Officers’ 
Training Corps to include quan-
tum information sciences. 
Sec. 572. Allocation of authority for nomina-
tions to the military service 
academies in the event of the 
death, resignation, or expulsion 
from office of a member of Con-
gress. 
Sec. 573. Troops-to-Teachers Program. 
Sec. 574. Combating foreign malign influ-
ence. 
Sec. 575. Prohibition on implementation by 
United States Air Force Acad-
emy of civilian faculty tenure 
system. 
Subtitle F—Military Family Readiness and 
Dependents’ Education 
Sec. 581. Certain assistance to local edu-
cational agencies that benefit 
dependents of military and ci-
vilian personnel. 
Sec. 582. Pilot program to establish employ-
ment fellowship opportunities 
for military spouses. 
Subtitle G—Other Matters and Reports 
Sec. 591. Amendments to additional Deputy 
Inspector General of the De-
partment of Defense. 
Sec. 592. Inclusion of Senior Reserve Offi-
cers’ Training Corps data in di-
versity and inclusion reporting. 
Sec. 593. Modified deadline for establish-
ment of special purpose adjunct 
to Armed Services Vocational 
Aptitude Battery test. 
Sec. 594. Reports on Air Force personnel per-
forming duties of a Nuclear and 
Missile 
Operations 
Officer 
(13N). 
Sec. 595. Reports on security force personnel 
performing protection level one 
duties. 
TITLE VI—MILITARY COMPENSATION 
Sec. 601. Basic needs allowance for members 
on active service in the Armed 
Forces. 
Sec. 602. Equal incentive pay for members of 
the reserve components of the 
Armed Forces. 
Sec. 603. Extension of expiring travel and 
transportation authorities. 
Sec. 604. Repeal of expiring travel and trans-
portation authorities. 
Sec. 605. One-year extension of certain ex-
piring bonus and special pay 
authorities. 
Sec. 606. Requirements in connection with 
suspension of retired pay and 
retirement annuities. 
TITLE VII—HEALTH CARE PROVISIONS 
Subtitle A—TRICARE and Other Health Care 
Benefits 
Sec. 701. Addition of preconception and pre-
natal carrier screening cov-
erage 
as 
benefits 
under 
TRICARE program. 
Sec. 702. Coverage of overseas subacute and 
hospice care for eligible over-
seas dependents of members of 
the uniformed services. 
Sec. 703. Modification of pilot program on 
receipt of non-generic prescrip-
tion maintenance medications 
under TRICARE pharmacy ben-
efits program. 
Subtitle B—Health Care Administration 
Sec. 721. Revisions to TRICARE provider 
networks. 
Sec. 722. Implementation of an integrated 
TRICARE program through ef-
fective market management. 
Sec. 723. Establishment of centers of excel-
lence for enhanced treatment of 
ocular injuries. 
Sec. 724. Mandatory training on health ef-
fects of burn pits. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00003
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0655
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 14-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8546 
November 19, 2021 
Sec. 725. Removal of requirement for one 
year of participation in certain 
medical and lifestyle incentive 
programs of the Department of 
Defense 
to 
receive 
benefits 
under such programs. 
Sec. 726. Authority of Secretary of Defense 
and Secretary of Veterans Af-
fairs to enter into agreements 
for planning, design, and con-
struction of facilities to be op-
erated as shared medical facili-
ties. 
Sec. 727. Consistency in accounting for med-
ical reimbursements received 
by military medical treatment 
facilities from other Federal 
agencies. 
Subtitle C—Reports and Other Matters 
Sec. 741. Access by United States Govern-
ment employees and their fam-
ily members to certain facili-
ties of Department of Defense 
for assessment and treatment 
of anomalous health conditions. 
Sec. 742. Extension of authority for Joint 
Department of Defense-Depart-
ment of Veterans Affairs Med-
ical 
Facility 
Demonstration 
Fund. 
Sec. 743. Comptroller General study on im-
plementation by Department of 
Defense of recent statutory re-
quirements to reform the mili-
tary health system. 
TITLE VIII—ACQUISITION POLICY, AC-
QUISITION 
MANAGEMENT, 
AND 
RE-
LATED MATTERS 
Subtitle A—Acquisition Policy and 
Management 
Sec. 801. Repeal of preference for fixed-price 
contracts. 
Sec. 802. Improving the use of available data 
to manage and forecast service 
contract requirements. 
Sec. 803. Assessment of impediments and in-
centives to improving the ac-
quisition of commercial tech-
nology, products, and services. 
Sec. 804. Pilot program on acquisition prac-
tices for emerging technologies. 
Sec. 805. Annual report on highest and low-
est performing acquisition pro-
grams of the Department of De-
fense. 
Sec. 806. Systems 
engineering 
determina-
tions. 
Subtitle B—Amendments to General Con-
tracting Authorities, Procedures, and Lim-
itations 
Sec. 811. Recommendations on the use of 
other transaction authority. 
Sec. 812. Modified condition for prompt con-
tract payment eligibility. 
Sec. 813. Exclusion of certain services from 
intergovernmental 
support 
agreements 
for 
installation- 
support services. 
Sec. 814. Modification of prize authority for 
advanced technology achieve-
ments. 
Sec. 815. Cost or pricing data reporting in 
Department of Defense con-
tracts. 
Sec. 816. Authority to acquire innovative 
commercial products and serv-
ices using general solicitation 
competitive procedures. 
Sec. 817. Reporting requirement for defense 
acquisition activities. 
Sec. 818. Department of Defense contractor 
professional training material 
disclosure requirements. 
Sec. 819. Report on place of performance re-
quirements. 
Sec. 820. Multiyear contract authority for 
defense 
acquisitions 
specifi-
cally authorized by law. 
Subtitle C—Industrial Base Matters 
Sec. 831. Addition of certain items to list of 
high priority goods and services 
for analyses, recommendations, 
and actions related to sourcing 
and industrial capacity. 
Sec. 832. Prohibition on acquisition of per-
sonal 
protective 
equipment 
from non-allied foreign nations. 
Sec. 833. Further prohibition on acquisition 
of sensitive materials. 
Sec. 834. Requirement for industry days and 
requests for information to be 
open to allied defense contrac-
tors. 
Sec. 835. Assessment of requirements for 
certain items to address supply 
chain vulnerabilities. 
Sec. 836. Requirement that certain providers 
of systems to Department of 
Defense disclose the source of 
printed circuit boards when 
sourced from certain countries. 
Sec. 837. Employment transparency regard-
ing individuals who perform 
work in the People’s Republic 
of China. 
Subtitle D—Small Business Matters 
Sec. 841. Clarification of duties of Director 
of Small Business Programs. 
Sec. 842. Data on Phase III Small Business 
Innovation Research and Small 
Business Technology Transfer 
program awards. 
Sec. 843. Pilot program to incentivize em-
ployee ownership in defense 
contracting. 
Subtitle E—Other Matters 
Sec. 851. Technology protection features ac-
tivities. 
Sec. 852. Independent study on technical 
debt in software-intensive sys-
tems. 
Sec. 853. Determination with respect to opti-
cal fiber transmission equip-
ment for Department of De-
fense purposes. 
Sec. 854. Two-year extension of Selected Ac-
quisition Report requirement. 
Sec. 855. Military standards for high-hard-
ness armor in combat vehicle 
specifications. 
Sec. 856. Revisions to the Unified Facilities 
Criteria regarding the use of 
variable refrigerant flow sys-
tems. 
TITLE IX—DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE 
ORGANIZATION AND MANAGEMENT 
Sec. 901. Change in eligibility requirements 
for appointment to certain De-
partment of Defense leadership 
positions. 
Sec. 902. Renaming of Air National Guard to 
Air and Space National Guard. 
Sec. 903. Joint Aviation Safety Council. 
Sec. 904. Assignments for participants in the 
John S. McCain Strategic De-
fense Fellows Program. 
Sec. 905. Alignment 
of 
Close 
Combat 
Lethality Task Force. 
Sec. 906. Management innovation activities. 
TITLE X—GENERAL PROVISIONS 
Subtitle A—Financial Matters 
Sec. 1001. General transfer authority. 
Sec. 1002. Commission on Planning, Pro-
gramming, Budgeting, and Exe-
cution Reform. 
Sec. 1003. Plan for consolidation of informa-
tion technology systems used 
in the planning, programming, 
budgeting, and execution proc-
ess. 
Subtitle B—Counterdrug Activities 
Sec. 1011. Codification and expansion of au-
thority for joint task forces of 
the Department of Defense to 
support law enforcement agen-
cies 
conducting 
counter-ter-
rorism, 
counter-illicit 
traf-
ficking, 
or 
counter- 
transnational organized crime 
activities. 
Sec. 1012. Extension of authority to support 
a 
unified 
counterdrug 
and 
counterterrorism campaign in 
Colombia. 
Subtitle C—Naval Vessels 
Sec. 1021. Modification to annual naval ves-
sel construction plan. 
Sec. 1022. Navy battle force ship assessment 
and requirement reporting. 
Subtitle D—Counterterrorism 
Sec. 1031. Extension of prohibition on use of 
funds for transfer or release of 
individuals detained at United 
States Naval Station, Guanta-
namo Bay, Cuba, to the United 
States. 
Sec. 1032. Extension of prohibition on use of 
funds to construct or modify fa-
cilities in the United States to 
house 
detainees 
transferred 
from United States Naval Sta-
tion, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. 
Sec. 1033. Extension of prohibition on use of 
funds for transfer or release of 
individuals detained at United 
States Naval Station, Guanta-
namo Bay, Cuba, to certain 
countries. 
Sec. 1034. Extension of prohibition on use of 
funds to close or relinquish con-
trol of United States Naval Sta-
tion, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. 
Sec. 1035. Report on medical care provided 
to detainees at United States 
Naval 
Station, 
Guantanamo 
Bay, Cuba. 
Subtitle E—Miscellaneous Authorities and 
Limitations 
Sec. 1041. Notification of significant Army 
force structure changes. 
Sec. 1042. Extension of admission to Guam 
or the Commonwealth of the 
Northern Mariana Islands for 
certain 
nonimmigrant 
H–2B 
workers. 
Subtitle F—Studies and Reports 
Sec. 1051. Report on implementation of ir-
regular warfare strategy. 
Sec. 1052. Optimization of Irregular Warfare 
Technical Support Directorate. 
Sec. 1053. Quarterly briefings on anomalous 
health incidents. 
Subtitle G—Other Matters 
Sec. 1061. Commission on the National De-
fense Strategy. 
Sec. 1062. Assessment of requirements for 
and 
management 
of 
Army 
three-dimensional terrain data. 
Sec. 1063. Modification to Regional Centers 
for Security Studies. 
TITLE XI—CIVILIAN PERSONNEL 
MATTERS 
Sec. 1101. Civilian personnel management. 
Sec. 1102. Consideration of employee per-
formance in reductions in force 
for civilian positions in the De-
partment of Defense. 
Sec. 1103. Enhancement of recusal for con-
flicts of personal interest re-
quirements for Department of 
Defense officers and employees. 
Sec. 1104. Authority to employ civilian fac-
ulty members at the Defense 
Institute of International Legal 
Studies. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00004
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0655
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 15-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8547 
November 19, 2021 
Sec. 1105. Extension of temporary increase 
in maximum amount of vol-
untary 
separation 
incentive 
pay authorized for civilian em-
ployees of the Department of 
Defense. 
Sec. 1106. One-year extension of temporary 
authority to grant allowances, 
benefits, and gratuities to civil-
ian personnel on official duty in 
a combat zone. 
Sec. 1107. One-year extension of authority to 
waive annual limitation on pre-
mium pay and aggregate limi-
tation on pay for Federal civil-
ian employees working over-
seas. 
Sec. 1108. Pilot program on direct hire au-
thority for spouses of members 
of the uniformed services at lo-
cations 
outside 
the 
United 
States. 
Sec. 1109. Civilian 
Cybersecurity 
Reserve 
pilot project at United States 
Cyber Command. 
TITLE XII—MATTERS RELATING TO 
FOREIGN NATIONS 
Subtitle A—Assistance and Training 
Sec. 1201. Authority to build capacity for ad-
ditional operations. 
Sec. 1202. Administrative support and pay-
ment of certain expenses for 
covered foreign defense per-
sonnel. 
Sec. 1203. Authority for certain reimburs-
able interchange of supplies and 
services. 
Sec. 1204. Extension and modification of De-
partment of Defense support for 
stabilization activities in na-
tional security interest of the 
United States. 
Sec. 1205. Temporary authority to pay for 
personnel expenses of foreign 
national security forces partici-
pating in the training program 
of the United States-Colombia 
Action Plan for Regional Secu-
rity. 
Sec. 1206. Security cooperation strategy for 
certain combatant commands. 
Sec. 1207. Plan for enhancing Western Hemi-
sphere security cooperation. 
Sec. 1208. Pilot program to support the im-
plementation of the Women, 
Peace, and Security Act of 2017. 
Sec. 1209. Limitation on support to military 
forces of the Kingdom of Mo-
rocco for bilateral or multilat-
eral exercises. 
Subtitle B—Matters Relating to Afghanistan 
and Pakistan 
Sec. 1211. Extension and modification of au-
thority for support for rec-
onciliation activities led by the 
Government of Afghanistan and 
prohibition on use of funds for 
the Taliban and other terrorist 
groups. 
Sec. 1212. Extension and modification of au-
thority for reimbursement of 
certain coalition nations for 
support 
provided 
to 
United 
States military operations. 
Sec. 1213. Afghanistan 
Security 
Forces 
Fund. 
Sec. 1214. Quarterly security briefings on Af-
ghanistan. 
Sec. 1215. Sense of Senate and briefing on 
counterterrorism posture of the 
United States after transition 
of United States Armed Forces 
from Afghanistan. 
Subtitle C—Matters Relating to Syria, Iraq, 
and Iran 
Sec. 1221. Extension and modification of au-
thority to provide assistance to 
vetted Syrian groups and indi-
viduals. 
Sec. 1222. Extension and modification of au-
thority to support operations 
and activities of the Office of 
Security Cooperation in Iraq. 
Sec. 1223. Extension and modification of au-
thority to provide assistance to 
counter the Islamic State of 
Iraq and Syria. 
Subtitle D—Matters Relating to Europe and 
the Russian Federation 
Sec. 1231. Extension of limitation on mili-
tary cooperation between the 
United States and the Russian 
Federation. 
Sec. 1232. Extension of prohibition on avail-
ability of funds relating to sov-
ereignty of the Russian Federa-
tion over Crimea. 
Sec. 1233. Extension of Ukraine Security As-
sistance Initiative. 
Sec. 1234. Extension of authority for train-
ing for Eastern European na-
tional security forces in the 
course of multilateral exer-
cises. 
Sec. 1235. Sense of Senate on the North At-
lantic Treaty Organization. 
Sec. 1236. Sense of Senate on continuing 
support for Estonia, Latvia, and 
Lithuania. 
Subtitle E—Matters Relating to the Indo- 
Pacific Region 
Sec. 1241. Extension 
and 
modification 
of 
Indo-Pacific Maritime Security 
Initiative. 
Sec. 1242. Extension and modification of Pa-
cific Deterrence Initiative. 
Sec. 1243. Extension of authority to transfer 
funds for Bien Hoa dioxin clean-
up. 
Sec. 1244. Cooperative program with Viet-
nam to account for Vietnamese 
personnel missing in action. 
Sec. 1245. Assessment of and plan for im-
proving the defensive asym-
metric capabilities of Taiwan. 
Sec. 1246. Annual feasibility briefing on co-
operation between the National 
Guard and Taiwan. 
Sec. 1247. Defense of Taiwan. 
Sec. 1248. Comparative analyses and reports 
on efforts by the United States 
and the People’s Republic of 
China to advance critical mod-
ernization technology with re-
spect to military applications. 
Sec. 1249. Modification of annual report on 
military and security develop-
ments involving the People’s 
Republic of China. 
Sec. 1250. Feasibility report on establishing 
more robust military-to-mili-
tary 
crisis 
communications 
with the People’s Republic of 
China. 
Sec. 1251. Semiannual briefings on efforts to 
deter Chinese aggression and 
military coercion. 
Sec. 1252. Sense of Congress on defense alli-
ances and partnerships in the 
Indo-Pacific region. 
Subtitle F—Reports 
Sec. 1261. Report on security cooperation 
authorities 
and 
associated 
resourcing in support of the Se-
curity Force Assistance Bri-
gades. 
Sec. 1262. Independent assessment with re-
spect to Arctic region and es-
tablishment of Arctic Security 
Initiative. 
Sec. 1263. Annual report and briefing on 
Global Force Management Allo-
cation Plan. 
Subtitle G—Other Matters 
Sec. 1271. Modification of United States- 
Israel 
Operations-Technology 
cooperation within the United 
States-Israel Defense Acquisi-
tion Advisory Group. 
Sec. 1272. Prohibition on support for offen-
sive 
military 
operations 
against the Houthis in Yemen. 
Sec. 1273. Repeal of authorization of non- 
conventional assisted recovery 
capabilities; modification of au-
thority for expenditure of funds 
for clandestine activities that 
support operational preparation 
of the environment. 
Sec. 1274. Extension and modification of au-
thority for certain payments to 
redress injury and loss. 
Sec. 1275. Secretary of Defense Strategic 
Competition Initiative. 
Sec. 1276. Strategic competition initiative 
for 
United 
States 
Southern 
Command and United States 
Africa Command. 
Sec. 1277. Modification of notification re-
quirements for sensitive mili-
tary operations. 
Sec. 1278. Special Operations Forces joint 
operating concept for competi-
tion and conflict. 
Sec. 1279. Plan for provision of information 
support to commanders of the 
combatant commands. 
Sec. 1280. Independent review of and report 
on the Unified Command Plan. 
Sec. 1281. Establishment of mission-oriented 
pilot programs to close signifi-
cant capabilities gaps. 
Sec. 1282. Limitation on availability of cer-
tain funding for operation and 
maintenance. 
TITLE XIII—COOPERATIVE THREAT 
REDUCTION 
Sec. 1301. Funding allocations; specification 
of Cooperative Threat Reduc-
tion funds. 
TITLE XIV—OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS 
Subtitle A—Military Programs 
Sec. 1401. Working capital funds. 
Sec. 1402. Chemical Agents and Munitions 
Destruction, Defense. 
Sec. 1403. Drug Interdiction and Counter- 
Drug Activities, Defense-wide. 
Sec. 1404. Defense Inspector General. 
Sec. 1405. Defense Health Program. 
Subtitle B—Armed Forces Retirement Home 
Sec. 1411. Authorization of appropriations 
for Armed Forces Retirement 
Home. 
Subtitle C—Other Matters 
Sec. 1421. Authorization to loan materials in 
National Defense Stockpile. 
Sec. 1422. Repeal of termination of biennial 
report 
on 
National 
Defense 
Stockpile requirements. 
Sec. 1423. Authority for transfer of funds to 
joint Department of Defense- 
Department of Veterans Affairs 
Medical 
Facility 
Demonstra-
tion Fund for Captain James A. 
Lovell Health Care Center, Illi-
nois. 
TITLE XV—SPACE ACTIVITIES, STRA-
TEGIC PROGRAMS, AND INTELLIGENCE 
MATTERS 
Subtitle A—Space Activities 
Sec. 1501. Delegation of authorities to Space 
Development Agency. 
Sec. 1502. Modification to Space Develop-
ment Agency. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00005
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0655
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 16-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8548 
November 19, 2021 
Sec. 1503. Disclosure of National Security 
Space Launch program con-
tract pricing terms. 
Sec. 1504. Extension 
and 
modification 
of 
Council on Oversight of the De-
partment 
of 
Defense 
Posi-
tioning, Navigation, and Tim-
ing Enterprise. 
Sec. 1505. Senior Procurement Executive au-
thority. 
Sec. 1506. Modifications to Space Force Ac-
quisition Council. 
Sec. 1507. Modifications relating to the As-
sistant Secretary of the Air 
Force for Space Acquisition and 
Integration. 
Sec. 1508. Modification to transfer of acqui-
sition projects for space sys-
tems and programs. 
Sec. 1509. Extension and modification of cer-
tifications regarding integrated 
tactical warning and attack as-
sessment mission of the Air 
Force. 
Sec. 1510. Prohibition on Missile Defense 
Agency production of satellites 
and ground systems associated 
with operation of such sat-
ellites. 
Sec. 1511. Continued requirement for Na-
tional Security Space Launch 
program. 
Sec. 1512. Limitation, report, and briefing on 
use 
of 
commercial 
satellite 
services and associated sys-
tems. 
Sec. 1513. Study on commercial systems in-
tegration into, and support of, 
Armed Forces space operations. 
Sec. 1514. Space policy review. 
Sec. 1515. Annual briefing on threats to 
space operations. 
Subtitle B—Defense Intelligence and 
Intelligence-related Activities 
Sec. 1521. Authority for Army counterintel-
ligence agents to execute war-
rants and make arrests. 
Sec. 1522. Annual briefing by Director of the 
Defense Intelligence Agency on 
electronic warfare threat to op-
erations of the Department of 
Defense. 
Subtitle C—Nuclear Forces 
Sec. 1531. Participation in United States 
Strategic Command strategic 
deterrence exercises. 
Sec. 1532. Modification to requirements re-
lating to nuclear force reduc-
tions. 
Sec. 1533. Modifications to requirements re-
lating to unilateral changes in 
nuclear weapons stockpile of 
the United States. 
Sec. 1534. Deadline for reports on modifica-
tion of force structure for stra-
tegic nuclear weapons delivery 
systems. 
Sec. 1535. Modification of deadline for notifi-
cations relating to reduction, 
consolidation, or withdrawal of 
nuclear forces based in Europe. 
Sec. 1536. Congressional Commission on the 
Strategic Posture of the United 
States. 
Sec. 1537. Revised nuclear posture review. 
Sec. 1538. Ground-based strategic deterrent 
development program account-
ability matrices. 
Sec. 1539. Procurement authority for certain 
parts of ground-based strategic 
deterrent cryptographic device. 
Sec. 1540. Mission-design 
series 
popular 
name for ground-based stra-
tegic deterrent. 
Sec. 1541. B–21 Raider nuclear capability and 
integration 
with 
long-range 
standoff weapon. 
Sec. 1542. Comptroller General study and up-
dated report on nuclear weap-
ons capabilities and force struc-
ture requirements. 
Sec. 1543. Prohibition on reduction of the 
intercontinental ballistic mis-
siles of the United States. 
Sec. 1544. Limitation on use of funds until 
completion of analysis of alter-
natives 
for 
nuclear 
sea- 
launched cruise missile. 
Sec. 1545. Sense of the Senate on NATO se-
curity and nuclear cooperation 
between the United States and 
the United Kingdom. 
Sec. 1546. Sense of the Senate on maintain-
ing diversity in the nuclear 
weapons stockpile. 
Sec. 1547. Sense of the Senate on ground- 
based strategic deterrent. 
Subtitle D—Missile Defense Programs 
Sec. 1551. Authority to develop and deploy 
Next Generation Interceptor for 
missile defense of the United 
States homeland. 
Sec. 1552. Annual reliability testing for the 
Next Generation Interceptor. 
Sec. 1553. Next Generation Interceptor de-
velopment 
program 
account-
ability matrices. 
Sec. 1554. Extension of period for transition 
of ballistic missile defense pro-
grams to military departments. 
Sec. 1555. Iron Dome short-range rocket de-
fense system and Israeli cooper-
ative missile defense program 
co-development and co-produc-
tion. 
Sec. 1556. Semiannual updates on meetings 
held by the Missile Defense Ex-
ecutive Board. 
Sec. 1557. Independent study of Department 
of Defense components’ roles 
and responsibilities relating to 
missile defense. 
TITLE XVI—CYBERSPACE-RELATED 
MATTERS 
Sec. 1601. Matters 
concerning 
cyber 
per-
sonnel requirements. 
Sec. 1602. Cyber data management. 
Sec. 1603. Assignment of certain budget con-
trol responsibilities to Com-
mander of United States Cyber 
Command. 
Sec. 1604. Coordination 
between 
United 
States Cyber Command and pri-
vate sector. 
Sec. 1605. Pilot program on public-private 
partnerships with internet eco-
system companies to detect and 
disrupt adversary cyber oper-
ations. 
Sec. 1606. Zero trust strategy, principles, 
model architecture, and imple-
mentation plans. 
Sec. 1607. Demonstration program for auto-
mated 
security 
validation 
tools. 
Sec. 1608. Improvements to consortium of 
universities to advise Secretary 
of Defense on cybersecurity 
matters. 
Sec. 1609. Quarterly reports on cyber oper-
ations. 
Sec. 1610. Assessment of cybersecurity pos-
ture and operational assump-
tions and development of tar-
geting 
strategies 
and 
sup-
porting capabilities. 
Sec. 1611. Assessing capabilities to counter 
adversary use of ransomware 
tools, capabilities, and infra-
structure. 
Sec. 1612. Comparative analysis of cyberse-
curity capabilities. 
Sec. 1613. Report on the Cybersecurity Ma-
turity Model Certification pro-
gram. 
Sec. 1614. Report on potential Department of 
Defense support and assistance 
for increasing the awareness of 
the Cybersecurity and Infra-
structure Security Agency of 
cyber 
threats 
and 
vulnerabilities affecting crit-
ical infrastructure. 
Sec. 1615. Deadline for reports on assessment 
of cyber resiliency of nuclear 
command and control system. 
DIVISION B—MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
AUTHORIZATIONS 
Sec. 2001. Short title. 
Sec. 2002. Expiration of authorizations and 
amounts required to be speci-
fied by law. 
Sec. 2003. Effective date. 
TITLE XXI—ARMY MILITARY 
CONSTRUCTION 
Sec. 2101. Authorized 
Army 
construction 
and land acquisition projects. 
Sec. 2102. Family housing. 
Sec. 2103. Authorization of appropriations, 
Army. 
Sec. 2104. Extension of authorization of fis-
cal year 2017 project at Wies-
baden Army Airfield. 
Sec. 2105. Additional authority to carry out 
fiscal year 2018 project at Fort 
Bliss, Texas. 
Sec. 2106. Modification of authority to carry 
out fiscal year 2021 project at 
Fort Wainwright, Alaska. 
Sec. 2107. Additional authority to carry out 
fiscal year 2022 project at Aber-
deen Proving Ground, Mary-
land. 
TITLE XXII—NAVY MILITARY 
CONSTRUCTION 
Sec. 2201. Authorized Navy construction and 
land acquisition projects. 
Sec. 2202. Family housing. 
Sec. 2203. Improvements to military family 
housing units. 
Sec. 2204. Authorization of appropriations, 
Navy. 
TITLE XXIII—AIR FORCE MILITARY 
CONSTRUCTION 
Sec. 2301. Authorized Air Force construction 
and land acquisition projects. 
Sec. 2302. Family housing. 
Sec. 2303. Improvements to military family 
housing units. 
Sec. 2304. Authorization of appropriations, 
Air Force. 
Sec. 2305. Extension of authorizations of cer-
tain fiscal year 2017 projects. 
Sec. 2306. Extension of authorizations of fis-
cal 
year 
2017 
projects 
at 
Spangdahlem Air Base, Ger-
many. 
Sec. 2307. Extension of authorization of fis-
cal 
year 
2017 
project 
at 
Hanscom Air Force Base, Mas-
sachusetts. 
Sec. 2308. Modification of authority to carry 
out fiscal year 2018 project at 
Tyndall Air Force Base, Flor-
ida. 
Sec. 2309. Modification of authority to carry 
out fiscal year 2020 projects at 
Tyndall Air Force Base, Flor-
ida. 
TITLE XXIV—DEFENSE AGENCIES 
MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
Sec. 2401. Authorized Defense Agencies con-
struction and land acquisition 
projects. 
Sec. 2402. Authorized Energy Resilience and 
Conservation Investment Pro-
gram projects. 
Sec. 2403. Authorization of appropriations, 
Defense Agencies. 
Sec. 2404. Extension of authorization of fis-
cal year 2017 project at Yokota 
Air Base, Japan. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00006
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0655
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 17-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8549 
November 19, 2021 
TITLE XXV—INTERNATIONAL 
PROGRAMS 
Subtitle A—North Atlantic Treaty 
Organization Security Investment Program 
Sec. 2501. Authorized 
NATO 
construction 
and land acquisition projects. 
Sec. 2502. Authorization of appropriations, 
NATO. 
Subtitle B—Host Country In-Kind 
Contributions 
Sec. 2511. Republic of Korea funded con-
struction projects. 
Sec. 2512. Republic of Poland provided infra-
structure projects. 
Sec. 2513. Authorization to accept contribu-
tions from the Republic of 
Korea in the form of an irrev-
ocable letter of credit. 
TITLE XXVI—GUARD AND RESERVE 
FORCES FACILITIES 
Sec. 2601. Authorized Army National Guard 
construction and land acquisi-
tion projects. 
Sec. 2602. Authorized Army Reserve con-
struction and land acquisition 
projects. 
Sec. 2603. Authorized Navy Reserve and Ma-
rine Corps Reserve construction 
and land acquisition projects. 
Sec. 2604. Authorized Air National Guard 
construction and land acquisi-
tion projects. 
Sec. 2605. Authorized Air Force Reserve con-
struction and land acquisition 
projects. 
Sec. 2606. Authorization of appropriations, 
National Guard and Reserve. 
TITLE XXVII—BASE REALIGNMENT AND 
CLOSURE ACTIVITIES 
Sec. 2701. Authorization of appropriations 
for base realignment and clo-
sure activities funded through 
Department of Defense Base 
Closure Account. 
Sec. 2702. Prohibition on conducting addi-
tional base realignment and 
closure (BRAC) round. 
TITLE 
XXVIII—MILITARY 
CONSTRUC-
TION AND GENERAL PROVISIONS 
Subtitle A—Military Construction Program 
Sec. 2801. Clarification of establishment of 
the Office of Local Defense 
Community Cooperation as a 
Department of Defense Field 
Activity. 
Sec. 2802. Use of amounts available for oper-
ation and maintenance in car-
rying out military construction 
projects for energy resilience, 
energy security, or energy con-
servation. 
Subtitle B—Military Family Housing 
Sec. 2811. Command oversight of military 
privatized housing as element 
of performance evaluations. 
Sec. 2812. Clarification 
of 
prohibition 
against collection from tenants 
of privatized military housing 
units of amounts in addition to 
rent and application of existing 
law. 
Sec. 2813. Modification 
of 
calculation 
of 
military 
housing 
contractor 
pay 
for 
privatized 
military 
housing. 
Sec. 2814. Modification of requirements re-
lating to window fall preven-
tion devices at military family 
housing. 
Subtitle C—Land Conveyances 
Sec. 2821. Land conveyance, St. Louis, Mis-
souri. 
Sec. 2822. Land conveyance, Saint Joseph, 
Missouri. 
Sec. 2823. Land conveyance, Marine Corps 
Air 
Station, 
Cherry 
Point, 
North Carolina. 
Sec. 2824. Land conveyance, Naval Air Sta-
tion Oceana, Virginia Beach, 
Virginia. 
Subtitle D—Other Matters 
Sec. 2831. Consideration of public education 
when making basing decisions. 
Sec. 2832. Designation of facility at Rock Is-
land Arsenal, Illinois. 
Sec. 2833. Improvement of security of lodg-
ing and living spaces on mili-
tary installations. 
Sec. 2834. Expansion of authority of Sec-
retary of the Navy to lease and 
license Navy museum facilities 
to generate revenue to support 
museum administration and op-
erations. 
Sec. 2835. Pilot program on establishment of 
account for reimbursement for 
use of testing facilities at in-
stallations of the Department 
of the Air Force. 
DIVISION C—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY 
NATIONAL 
SECURITY 
AUTHORIZA-
TIONS AND OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS 
TITLE XXXI—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY 
NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS 
Subtitle A—National Security Programs and 
Authorizations 
Sec. 3101. National Nuclear Security Admin-
istration. 
Sec. 3102. Defense environmental cleanup. 
Sec. 3103. Other defense activities. 
Sec. 3104. Nuclear energy. 
Subtitle B—Nuclear Weapons Stockpile 
Matters 
Sec. 3111. Portfolio management framework 
for National Nuclear Security 
Administration. 
Sec. 3112. Reports on risks to and gaps in in-
dustrial base for nuclear weap-
ons components, subsystems, 
and materials. 
Sec. 3113. Sense of Senate on oversight role 
of Congress in conduct of nu-
clear weapons testing. 
Subtitle C—Defense Environmental Cleanup 
Matters 
PART I—ENVIRONMENTAL MANAGEMENT LI-
ABILITY REDUCTION
AND TECHNOLOGY DE-
VELOPMENT 
Sec. 3121. Definitions. 
Sec. 3122. Independent assessment and man-
agement of defense environ-
mental cleanup programs. 
Sec. 3123. Incremental Technology Develop-
ment Program. 
Sec. 3124. High-Impact Technology Develop-
ment Program. 
Sec. 3125. Environmental Management Uni-
versity Program. 
PART II—OTHER MATTERS 
Sec. 3131. Comprehensive strategy for treat-
ing, storing, and disposing of 
defense nuclear waste resulting 
from 
stockpile 
maintenance 
and modernization activities. 
Subtitle D—Budget and Financial 
Management Matters 
Sec. 3141. Improvements to cost estimates 
informing analyses of alter-
natives. 
Sec. 3142. Modification of requirements for 
certain construction projects. 
Sec. 3143. Modification to terminology for 
reports on financial balances 
for atomic energy defense ac-
tivities. 
Subtitle E—Other Matters 
Sec. 3151. Extension of authority for ap-
pointment of certain scientific, 
engineering, and technical per-
sonnel. 
Sec. 3152. Extension of enhanced procure-
ment authority to manage sup-
ply chain risk. 
Sec. 3153. Extension of authority for accept-
ance of contributions for accel-
eration of removal or security 
of fissile materials, radiological 
materials, and related equip-
ment at vulnerable sites world-
wide. 
Sec. 3154. Updates to Infrastructure Mod-
ernization Initiative. 
Sec. 3155. Acquisition of high-performance 
computing capabilities by Na-
tional Nuclear Security Admin-
istration. 
Sec. 3156. Limitation on use of funds for 
naval 
nuclear 
fuel 
systems 
based on low-enriched uranium. 
TITLE XXXII—DEFENSE NUCLEAR 
FACILITIES SAFETY BOARD 
Sec. 3201. Authorization. 
Sec. 3202. References to Chairperson and 
Vice Chairperson of Defense 
Nuclear 
Facilities 
Safety 
Board. 
TITLE XXXV—MARITIME 
ADMINISTRATION 
Sec. 3501. Maritime Administration. 
DIVISION D—FUNDING TABLES 
Sec. 4001. Authorization of amounts in fund-
ing tables. 
TITLE XLI—PROCUREMENT 
Sec. 4101. Procurement. 
TITLE XLII—RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, 
TEST, AND EVALUATION 
Sec. 4201. Research, development, test, and 
evaluation. 
TITLE XLIII—OPERATION AND 
MAINTENANCE 
Sec. 4301. OPERATION 
AND 
MAINTE-
NANCE. 
TITLE XLIV—MILITARY PERSONNEL 
Sec. 4401. Military personnel. 
TITLE XLV—OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS 
Sec. 4501. Other authorizations. 
TITLE XLVI—MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
Sec. 4601. Military construction. 
TITLE XLVII—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY 
NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS 
Sec. 4701. Department of energy national se-
curity programs. 
DIVISION E—ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS 
TITLE LII—RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, 
TEST, AND EVALUATION 
Sec. 5201. Improvements relating to steering 
committee on emerging tech-
nology and national security 
threats. 
Sec. 5202. Briefing 
on 
additive 
manufac-
turing capabilities. 
Sec. 5203. Importance of historically Black 
colleges and universities and 
minority-serving institutions. 
Sec. 5204. Additional funding for Undersea 
Warfare Applied Research. 
TITLE LIII—OPERATION AND 
MAINTENANCE 
Sec. 5301. Improved oversight for implemen-
tation of Shipyard Infrastruc-
ture Optimization Program of 
the Navy. 
Sec. 5302. Treatment by Department of De-
fense 
of 
perfluoroalkyl 
sub-
stances 
and 
polyfluoroalkyl 
substances. 
Sec. 5303. Report on progress of Air Force 
regarding 
contaminated 
real 
property. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00007
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0655
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 18-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8550 
November 19, 2021 
TITLE LV—MILITARY PERSONNEL 
POLICY 
Sec. 5501. Concurrent use of Department of 
Defense Tuition Assistance and 
Montgomery GI Bill-Selected 
Reserve benefits. 
Sec. 5502. Study on employment of military 
spouses. 
Sec. 5503. Authorization to award medal of 
honor to Private First Class 
Charles R. Johnson for acts of 
valor during the Korean War. 
Sec. 5504. Report on status of Army Tuition 
Assistance Program Army Ig-
nitED program. 
Sec. 5505. Authority 
to 
vary 
number 
of 
Space Force officers considered 
for promotion to major general. 
TITLE LVII—HEALTH CARE PROVISIONS 
Sec. 5701. Assignment of medical and dental 
personnel of the military de-
partments to military medical 
treatment facilities. 
Sec. 5702. Study on incidence of breast can-
cer among members of the 
Armed Forces serving on active 
duty. 
TITLE LVIII—ACQUISITION POLICY, AC-
QUISITION 
MANAGEMENT, 
AND 
RE-
LATED MATTERS 
Sec. 5801. Extension of authority for the en-
hanced transfer of technology 
developed at Department of De-
fense laboratories. 
Sec. 5802. Air Force strategy for acquisition 
of combat rescue aircraft and 
equipment. 
Sec. 5803. Unfunded small business innova-
tion research projects. 
TITLE LIX—DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE 
ORGANIZATION AND MANAGEMENT 
Sec. 5901. Modification of position of Prin-
cipal Cyber Advisor. 
TITLE LX—GENERAL PROVISIONS 
Subtitle A—Miscellaneous 
Sec. 6001. Report on material readiness of 
Virginia class submarines of 
the Navy. 
Sec. 6002. Catawba Indian Nation lands. 
Sec. 6003. Comptroller General assessment 
of quality and nutrition of food 
available at military installa-
tions for members of the Armed 
Forces. 
Sec. 6004. Modification of Department of De-
fense threshold for the disinter-
ment of unidentified remains. 
Sec. 6005. Report on impact of Operation Al-
lies Welcome on the National 
Guard. 
Sec. 6006. National Cyber Exercise Program. 
Sec. 6007. Report on the demilitarization 
abroad of unserviceable muni-
tions 
located 
outside 
the 
United States. 
Sec. 6008. Eligibility of certain individuals 
who served with special guer-
rilla units or irregular forces in 
Laos for interment in national 
cemeteries. 
Sec. 6009. Requirement to post a 100 word 
summary to regulations.gov. 
Sec. 6010. Commission on Planning, Pro-
gramming, Budgeting, and Exe-
cution 
Reform 
recommenda-
tions and report. 
Sec. 6011. Briefing assessing the feasibility 
of delaying delivery of budget 
details for a certain subset of 
Department of Defense budget. 
Sec. 6012. United States-Israel Cybersecurity 
Cooperation Enhancement. 
Sec. 6013. United 
States 
Grand 
Strategy 
with respect to China. 
Sec. 6014. National Global War on Terrorism 
Memorial. 
Subtitle B—Combating Synthetic Drugs 
Sec. 6021. Short title. 
Sec. 6022. Prioritization of efforts of the De-
partment of State to combat 
international 
trafficking 
in 
covered synthetic drugs. 
Sec. 6023. Program to provide assistance to 
build the capacity of foreign 
law enforcement agencies with 
respect to covered synthetic 
drugs. 
Sec. 6024. Exchange program on demand re-
duction matters relating to il-
licit use of covered synthetic 
drugs. 
Sec. 6025. Amendments to international nar-
cotics control program. 
Sec. 6026. Sense of Congress. 
Sec. 6027. Definitions. 
Subtitle C—Foreign Service Families Act of 
2021 
Sec. 6031. Short title. 
Sec. 6032. Telecommuting opportunities. 
Sec. 6033. Employment and education pro-
grams for eligible family mem-
bers of members of the Foreign 
Service. 
Sec. 6034. Briefing on Foreign Service family 
reserve corps. 
Sec. 6035. Treatment 
of 
family 
members 
seeking positions customarily 
filled by Foreign Service offi-
cers or foreign national em-
ployees. 
Sec. 6036. In-State tuition rates for members 
of qualifying Federal service. 
Sec. 6037. Termination 
of 
residential 
or 
motor vehicle leases and tele-
phone service contracts for cer-
tain members of the Foreign 
Service. 
TITLE LXII—MATTERS RELATING TO 
FOREIGN NATIONS 
Subtitle A—Miscellaneous 
Sec. 6201. Clarification of requirements for 
contributions by participants 
in the American, British, Cana-
dian, and Australian Armies’ 
Program. 
Sec. 6202. Sense of Congress on interoper-
ability with Taiwan. 
Sec. 6203. Briefing 
on 
programming 
and 
budgeting for the Pacific Deter-
rence Initiative. 
Sec. 6204. Afghanistan War Commission Act 
of 2021. 
Sec. 6205. Sense of Senate on continuing 
support for Estonia, Latvia, and 
Lithuania. 
Sec. 6206. Review of port and port-related in-
frastructure purchases and in-
vestments made by the Govern-
ment of the People’s Republic 
of China and entities directed 
or backed by the Government 
of the People’s Republic of 
China. 
Sec. 6207. Supporting democracy in Burma. 
Sec. 6208. United States–Israel Artificial In-
telligence Center. 
Subtitle B—U.S.-Greece Defense and 
Interparliamentary Partnership Act of 2021 
Sec. 6211. Short title. 
Sec. 6212. Findings. 
Sec. 6213. Sense of Congress. 
Sec. 6214. Funding for European Recapital-
ization Incentive Program. 
Sec. 6215. Sense of Congress on loan pro-
gram. 
Sec. 6216. Transfer of F–35 Joint Strike 
Fighter aircraft to Greece. 
Sec. 6217. IMET cooperation with Greece. 
Sec. 6218. Cyprus, Greece, Israel, and the 
United 
States 
3+1 
inter-
parliamentary group. 
Sec. 6219. Appropriate 
congressional 
com-
mittees. 
TITLE LXV—SPACE ACTIVITIES, STRA-
TEGIC PROGRAMS, AND INTELLIGENCE 
MATTERS 
Sec. 6501. Report on sensing capabilities of 
the Department of Defense to 
assist fighting wildfires. 
Sec. 6502. Active protection of the Major 
Range and Test Facility Base. 
Sec. 6503. Modification to estimate of dam-
ages from Federal Communica-
tions Commission Order 20–48. 
Sec. 6504. Semiannual notifications regard-
ing missile defense tests and 
costs. 
Sec. 6505. Briefing on consultations with 
United States allies regarding 
nuclear posture review. 
TITLE LXVI—CYBERSPACE-RELATED 
MATTERS 
Sec. 6601. Matters 
concerning 
cyber 
per-
sonnel education requirements. 
Sec. 6602. Pilot program on public-private 
partnerships with internet eco-
system companies to detect and 
disrupt adversary cyber oper-
ations. 
Sec. 6603. Briefing on Department of Defense 
interoperability for data ana-
lytics. 
TITLE LXXVIII—MILITARY CONSTRUC-
TION AND GENERAL PROVISIONS 
Sec. 7801. Comptroller 
general 
study 
on 
management by Department of 
Defense of military housing in 
areas with limited available 
housing for private citizens. 
TITLE LXXXI—NATIONAL SECURITY 
PROGRAMS AND AUTHORIZATIONS 
Sec. 8101. Report on plant-directed research 
and development. 
TITLE XC—FUNDING TABLES 
Sec. 9101. Increased funding for heavy tac-
tical trucks. 
DIVISION F—INTELLIGENCE AUTHORIZA-
TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2022 
Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. 
Sec. 2. Definitions. 
TITLE I—INTELLIGENCE ACTIVITIES 
Sec. 101. Authorization of appropriations. 
Sec. 102. Classified Schedule of Authoriza-
tions. 
Sec. 103. Intelligence Community Manage-
ment Account. 
TITLE 
II—CENTRAL 
INTELLIGENCE 
AGENCY 
RETIREMENT 
AND 
DIS-
ABILITY SYSTEM 
Sec. 201. Authorization of appropriations. 
TITLE III—GENERAL INTELLIGENCE 
MATTERS 
Subtitle A—Intelligence Community Matters 
Sec. 301. Increasing agricultural and com-
mercial intelligence measures. 
Sec. 302. Plan for allowing contracts with 
providers of services relating to 
sensitive compartmented infor-
mation facilities. 
Sec. 303. Plan 
to 
establish 
commercial 
geospatial intelligence data and 
services program office. 
Sec. 304. Investment strategy for commer-
cial 
geospatial 
intelligence 
services acquisition. 
Sec. 305. Central Intelligence Agency Acqui-
sition Innovation Center re-
port, strategy, and plan. 
Sec. 306. Improving authorities relating to 
national 
counterintelligence 
and security. 
Sec. 307. Removal of Chief Information Offi-
cer of the Intelligence Commu-
nity from level IV of the Execu-
tive Schedule. 
Sec. 308. Requirements relating to construc-
tion of facilities to be used pri-
marily by intelligence commu-
nity. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00008
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0655
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 19-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8551 
November 19, 2021 
Sec. 309. Director of National Intelligence 
support for intelligence com-
munity diversity, equity, inclu-
sion, and accessibility activi-
ties. 
Sec. 310. Establishment of Diversity, Equity, 
and Inclusion Officer of the In-
telligence Community. 
Sec. 311. Annual report evaluating collabo-
ration between the National 
Reconnaissance Office and the 
Space Force. 
Sec. 312. Director of National Intelligence 
declassification review of infor-
mation relating to terrorist at-
tacks of September 11, 2001. 
Sec. 313. Establishment of Chaplain Corps of 
the Central Intelligence Agen-
cy. 
Sec. 314. Pilot program on recruitment and 
retention in Office of Intel-
ligence and Analysis of the De-
partment of the Treasury. 
Sec. 315. Pilot program on student loan re-
payment at Office of Intel-
ligence and Analysis of Depart-
ment of the Treasury. 
Sec. 316. Prohibition on collection and anal-
ysis of United States persons’ 
information 
by 
intelligence 
community 
based 
on 
First 
Amendment-protected 
activi-
ties. 
Sec. 317. Sense of the Senate on the use of 
intelligence 
community 
re-
sources for collection, assess-
ment, and analysis of informa-
tion pertaining exclusively to 
United States persons absent a 
foreign nexus. 
Subtitle B—Inspector General of the 
Intelligence Community 
Sec. 321. Submittal of complaints and infor-
mation by whistleblowers in 
the intelligence community to 
Congress. 
Sec. 322. Definitions and authorities regard-
ing whistleblower complaints 
and information of urgent con-
cern 
received 
by 
Inspectors 
General 
of 
the 
intelligence 
community. 
Sec. 323. Harmonization 
of 
whistleblower 
protections. 
Sec. 324. Prohibition against disclosure of 
whistleblower identity as re-
prisal 
against 
whistleblower 
disclosure by employees and 
contractors 
in 
intelligence 
community. 
Sec. 325. Congressional oversight of con-
trolled access programs. 
Subtitle C—Reports and Assessments 
Pertaining to the Intelligence Community 
Sec. 331. Report on efforts to build an inte-
grated hybrid space architec-
ture. 
Sec. 332. Report on Project Maven transi-
tion. 
Sec. 333. Assessment of intelligence commu-
nity counternarcotics capabili-
ties. 
Sec. 334. Assessment of intelligence commu-
nity’s intelligence-sharing rela-
tionships with Latin American 
partners in counternarcotics. 
Sec. 335. Report on United States Southern 
Command intelligence capabili-
ties. 
Sec. 336. Director of National Intelligence 
report on trends in technologies 
of 
strategic 
importance 
to 
United States. 
Sec. 337. Report on Nord Stream II compa-
nies and intelligence ties. 
Sec. 338. Assessment of Organization of De-
fensive 
Innovation 
and 
Re-
search activities. 
Sec. 339. Report on intelligence community 
support to Visas Mantis pro-
gram. 
Sec. 340. Plan for artificial intelligence dig-
ital ecosystem. 
Sec. 341. Study on utility of expanded per-
sonnel management authority. 
Sec. 342. Assessment 
of 
role 
of 
foreign 
groups in domestic violent ex-
tremism. 
Sec. 343. Report on the assessment of all- 
source cyber intelligence infor-
mation, with an emphasis on 
supply chain risks. 
Sec. 344. Support for and oversight of Un-
identified 
Aerial 
Phenomena 
Task Force. 
Sec. 345. Publication of unclassified appen-
dices from reports on intel-
ligence community participa-
tion in Vulnerabilities Equities 
Process. 
Sec. 346. Report on future structure and re-
sponsibilities of Foreign Malign 
Influence Center. 
Subtitle D—People’s Republic of China 
Sec. 351. Assessment of posture and capabili-
ties of intelligence community 
with respect to actions of the 
People’s Republic of China tar-
geting Taiwan. 
Sec. 352. Plan to cooperate with intelligence 
agencies 
of 
key 
democratic 
countries 
regarding 
techno-
logical competition with Peo-
ple’s Republic of China. 
Sec. 353. Assessment of People’s Republic of 
China genomic collection. 
Sec. 354. Updates to annual reports on influ-
ence operations and campaigns 
in the United States by the Chi-
nese Communist Party. 
Sec. 355. Report on influence of People’s Re-
public of China through Belt 
and Road Initiative projects 
with other countries. 
Sec. 356. Study on the creation of an official 
digital currency by the People’s 
Republic of China. 
Sec. 357. Report on efforts of Chinese Com-
munist Party to erode freedom 
and autonomy in Hong Kong. 
Sec. 358. Report on targeting of renewable 
sectors by China. 
TITLE IV—ANOMALOUS HEALTH 
INCIDENTS 
Sec. 401. Definition of anomalous health in-
cident. 
Sec. 402. Assessment and report on inter-
agency communication relating 
to efforts to address anomalous 
health incidents. 
Sec. 403. Advisory panel on the Office of 
Medical Services of the Central 
Intelligence Agency. 
Sec. 404. Joint task force to investigate 
anomalous health incidents. 
Sec. 405. Reporting on occurrence of anoma-
lous health incidents. 
Sec. 406. Access 
to 
certain 
facilities 
of 
United States Government for 
assessment 
of 
anomalous 
health conditions. 
TITLE V—SECURITY CLEARANCES AND 
TRUSTED WORKFORCE 
Sec. 501. Exclusivity, 
consistency, 
and 
transparency in security clear-
ance procedures, and right to 
appeal. 
Sec. 502. Federal policy on sharing of cov-
ered insider threat information 
pertaining to contractor em-
ployees in the trusted work-
force. 
Sec. 503. Performance measures regarding 
timeliness for personnel mobil-
ity. 
Sec. 504. Governance of Trusted Workforce 
2.0 initiative. 
TITLE VI—OTHER INTELLIGENCE 
MATTERS 
Sec. 601. Periodic 
reports 
on 
technology 
strategy of intelligence commu-
nity. 
Sec. 602. Improvements 
relating 
to 
con-
tinuity of Privacy and Civil 
Liberties 
Oversight 
Board 
membership. 
Sec. 603. Reports on intelligence support for 
and capacity of the Sergeants 
at Arms of the Senate and the 
House of Representatives and 
the United States Capitol Po-
lice. 
Sec. 604. Study on vulnerability of Global 
Positioning System to hostile 
actions. 
Sec. 605. Authority for transportation of fed-
erally owned canines associated 
with force protection duties of 
intelligence community. 
DIVISION G—DEPARTMENT OF STATE 
AUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2021 
Sec. 10001. Short title. 
Sec. 10002. Definitions. 
TITLE 
I—ORGANIZATION 
AND 
OPER-
ATIONS 
OF 
THE 
DEPARTMENT 
OF 
STATE 
Sec. 10101. Sense of Congress on importance 
of Department of State’s work. 
Sec. 10102. Assistant Secretary for Inter-
national Narcotics and Law En-
forcement Affairs. 
Sec. 10103. Bureau of Consular Affairs; Bu-
reau of Population, Refugees, 
and Migration. 
Sec. 10104. Office of International Disability 
Rights. 
Sec. 10105. Special appointment authority. 
Sec. 10106. Repeal of authority for Special 
Representative and Policy Co-
ordinator for Burma. 
Sec. 10107. Anti-piracy information sharing. 
Sec. 10108. Importance 
of 
foreign 
affairs 
training to national security. 
Sec. 10109. Classification and assignment of 
Foreign Service officers. 
Sec. 10110. Reporting on implementation of 
GAO recommendations. 
Sec. 10111. Extension of period for reim-
bursement 
of 
fishermen 
for 
costs incurred from the illegal 
seizure and detention of U.S.- 
flag fishing vessels by foreign 
governments. 
Sec. 10112. Art in embassies. 
Sec. 10113. Amendment or repeal of report-
ing requirements. 
TITLE II—EMBASSY CONSTRUCTION 
Sec. 10201. Embassy security, construction, 
and maintenance. 
Sec. 10202. Standard design in capital con-
struction. 
Sec. 10203. Capital 
construction 
trans-
parency. 
Sec. 10204. Contractor performance informa-
tion. 
Sec. 10205. Growth projections for new em-
bassies and consulates. 
Sec. 10206. Long-range planning process. 
Sec. 10207. Value engineering and risk as-
sessment. 
Sec. 10208. Business volume. 
Sec. 10209. Embassy security requests and 
deficiencies. 
Sec. 10210. Overseas security briefings. 
Sec. 10211. Contracting methods in capital 
construction. 
Sec. 10212. Competition 
in 
embassy 
con-
struction. 
Sec. 10213. Statement of policy. 
Sec. 10214. Definitions. 
TITLE III—PERSONNEL ISSUES 
Sec. 10301. Defense Base Act insurance waiv-
ers. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00009
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0655
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 20-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8552 
November 19, 2021 
Sec. 10302. Study on Foreign Service allow-
ances. 
Sec. 10303. Science and technology fellow-
ships. 
Sec. 10304. Travel for separated families. 
Sec. 10305. Home leave travel for separated 
families. 
Sec. 10306. Sense of Congress regarding cer-
tain fellowship programs. 
Sec. 10307. Technical correction. 
Sec. 10308. Foreign Service awards. 
Sec. 10309. Diplomatic programs. 
Sec. 10310. Sense of Congress regarding vet-
erans employment at the De-
partment of State. 
Sec. 10311. Employee 
assignment 
restric-
tions and preclusions. 
Sec. 10312. Recall and reemployment of ca-
reer members. 
Sec. 10313. Strategic staffing plan for the 
Department of State. 
Sec. 10314. Consulting services. 
Sec. 10315. Incentives for critical posts. 
Sec. 10316. Extension of authority for cer-
tain 
accountability 
review 
boards. 
Sec. 10317. Foreign Service suspension with-
out pay. 
Sec. 10318. Foreign Affairs Manual and For-
eign Affairs Handbook changes. 
Sec. 10319. Waiver authority for individual 
occupational requirements of 
certain positions. 
Sec. 10320. Appointment of employees to the 
Global Engagement Center. 
Sec. 10321. Education 
allowances 
due 
to 
coronavirus. 
Sec. 10322. Competitive status for certain 
employees hired by Inspectors 
General to support the lead IG 
mission. 
Sec. 10323. Report relating to Foreign Serv-
ice Officer training and devel-
opment. 
Sec. 10324. International 
fairs 
and 
expo-
sitions. 
TITLE IV—A DIVERSE WORKFORCE: RE-
CRUITMENT, RETENTION, AND PRO-
MOTION 
Sec. 10401. Definitions. 
Sec. 10402. Exit interviews for workforce. 
Sec. 10403. Recruitment and retention. 
Sec. 10404. Leadership engagement and ac-
countability. 
Sec. 10405. Professional development oppor-
tunities and tools. 
Sec. 10406. Examination and oral assessment 
for the Foreign Service. 
Sec. 10407. Payne fellowship authorization. 
Sec. 10408. Voluntary participation. 
TITLE V—INFORMATION SECURITY 
Sec. 10501. Definitions. 
Sec. 10502. List 
of 
certain 
telecommuni-
cations providers. 
Sec. 10503. Foreign Relations of the United 
States (FRUS) series and de-
classification. 
TITLE VI—PUBLIC DIPLOMACY 
Sec. 10601. Short title. 
Sec. 10602. Avoiding duplication of programs 
and efforts. 
Sec. 10603. Improving research and evalua-
tion of public diplomacy. 
Sec. 10604. Permanent reauthorization of the 
United States Advisory Com-
mission on Public Diplomacy. 
Sec. 10605. Streamlining of support func-
tions. 
Sec. 10606. Guidance for closure of public di-
plomacy facilities. 
Sec. 10607. Definitions. 
TITLE VII—COMBATING PUBLIC 
CORRUPTION 
Sec. 10701. Sense of Congress. 
Sec. 10702. Definitions. 
Sec. 10703. Publication of tiered ranking list. 
Sec. 10704. Minimum 
standards 
for 
the 
elimination of corruption and 
assessment of efforts to combat 
corruption. 
Sec. 10705. Designation of embassy anti-cor-
ruption points of contact. 
TITLE VIII—OTHER MATTERS 
Sec. 10801. Limitation on assistance to coun-
tries in default. 
Sec. 10802. Sean and David Goldman Child 
Abduction Prevention and Re-
turn Act of 2014 amendment. 
Sec. 10803. Congressional 
oversight, 
quar-
terly review, and authority re-
lating to concurrence provided 
by chiefs of mission for the pro-
vision of support relating to 
certain United States Govern-
ment operations. 
Sec. 10804. Report 
on 
efforts 
of 
the 
Coronavirus Repatriation Task 
Force. 
DIVISION H—REAUTHORIZATION OF NA-
TIVE AMERICAN HOUSING ASSISTANCE 
AND SELF-DETERMINATION ACT OF 
1996 
Sec. 11001. Short title. 
Sec. 11002. Consolidation of environmental 
review requirements. 
Sec. 11003. Authorization of appropriations. 
Sec. 11004. Student housing assistance. 
Sec. 11005. Application of rent rule only to 
units owned or operated by In-
dian 
tribe 
or 
tribally 
des-
ignated housing entity. 
Sec. 11006. Program requirements. 
Sec. 11007. De minimis exemption for pro-
curement of goods and services. 
Sec. 11008. Homeownership or lease-to-own 
low-income requirement and in-
come targeting. 
Sec. 11009. Lease requirements and tenant 
selection. 
Sec. 11010. Indian Health Service. 
Sec. 11011. Statutory authority to suspend 
grant funds in emergencies. 
Sec. 11012. Reports to Congress. 
Sec. 11013. 99-year leasehold interest in trust 
or restricted lands for housing 
purposes. 
Sec. 11014. Amendments for block grants for 
affordable housing activities. 
Sec. 11015. Reauthorization of Native Hawai-
ian homeownership provisions. 
Sec. 11016. Total 
development 
cost 
max-
imum project cost. 
Sec. 11017. Community-based 
development 
organizations. 
Sec. 11018. Indian tribe eligibility for HUD 
housing counseling grants. 
Sec. 11019. Section 184 Indian Home Loan 
Guarantee program. 
Sec. 11020. Loan guarantees for Native Ha-
waiian housing. 
Sec. 11021. Drug elimination program. 
Sec. 11022. Rental assistance for homeless or 
at-risk Indian veterans. 
Sec. 11023. Leveraging. 
SEC. 3. CONGRESSIONAL DEFENSE COMMITTEES. 
In this Act, the term ‘‘congressional de-
fense committees’’ has the meaning given 
that term in section 101(a)(16) of title 10, 
United States Code. 
SEC. 4. BUDGETARY EFFECTS OF THIS ACT. 
The budgetary effects of this Act, for the 
purpose of complying with the Statutory 
Pay-As-You-Go Act of 2010, shall be deter-
mined by reference to the latest statement 
titled ‘‘Budgetary Effects of PAYGO Legisla-
tion’’ for this Act, jointly submitted for 
printing in the Congressional Record by the 
Chairmen of the House and Senate Budget 
Committees, provided that such statement 
has been submitted prior to the vote on pas-
sage in the House acting first on the con-
ference report or amendment between the 
Houses. 
TITLE I—PROCUREMENT 
Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations 
SEC. 101. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated for fiscal year 2022 for procurement 
for the Army, the Navy and the Marine 
Corps, the Air Force and the Space Force, 
and Defense-wide activities, as specified in 
the funding table in section 4101. 
Subtitle B—Army Programs 
SEC. 121. MULTIYEAR PROCUREMENT AUTHOR-
ITY 
FOR 
AH–64E 
APACHE 
HELI-
COPTERS. 
(a) AUTHORITY
FOR MULTIYEAR PROCURE-
MENT.—Subject to section 2306b of title 10, 
United States Code, the Secretary of the 
Army may enter into one or more multiyear 
contracts, beginning with the fiscal year 2022 
program year, for the procurement of AH– 
64E Apache helicopters. 
(b) CONDITION
FOR
OUT-YEAR
CONTRACT 
PAYMENTS.—A contract entered into under 
subsection (a) shall provide that any obliga-
tion of the United States to make a payment 
under the contract for a fiscal year after fis-
cal year 2022 is subject to the availability of 
appropriations for that purpose for such 
later fiscal year. 
SEC. 122. MULTIYEAR PROCUREMENT AUTHOR-
ITY FOR UH–60M AND HH–60M BLACK 
HAWK HELICOPTERS. 
(a) AUTHORITY
FOR MULTIYEAR PROCURE-
MENT.—Subject to section 2306b of title 10, 
United States Code, the Secretary of the 
Army may enter into one or more multiyear 
contracts, beginning with the fiscal year 2022 
program year, for the procurement of UH– 
60M and HH–60M Black Hawk helicopters. 
(b) CONDITION
FOR
OUT-YEAR
CONTRACT 
PAYMENTS.—A contract entered into under 
subsection (a) shall provide that any obliga-
tion of the United States to make a payment 
under the contract for a fiscal year after fis-
cal year 2022 is subject to the availability of 
appropriations for that purpose for such 
later fiscal year. 
SEC. 123. REPORT AND LIMITATIONS ON ACQUISI-
TION OF INTEGRATED VISUAL AUG-
MENTATION SYSTEM. 
(a) REPORT REQUIRED.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than January 31, 
2022, but after completion of operational 
testing of the Integrated Visual Augmenta-
tion System (IVAS), the Secretary of the 
Army shall submit to the congressional de-
fense committees a report on the Integrated 
Visual Augmentation System. 
(2) ELEMENTS.—The report required by 
paragraph (1) shall include the following: 
(A) A validation of the reliability of the In-
tegrated Visual Augmentation System to 
meet operational need for mean time be-
tween failure to support anticipated oper-
ational mission profiles. 
(B) A validation of network adequacy for 
operational employment of the System, in-
cluding ability to integrate into command 
networks, and a plan to facilitate the display 
of position location and identification infor-
mation for adjacent units, non-System- 
equipped platforms, and soldiers. 
(C) A validation of power duration ade-
quacy and a plan for battery management of 
the System to meet anticipated operational 
mission requirements. 
(D) A plan to ensure targetable three-di-
mensional terrain data in the System. 
(E) A basis-of-issue plan based on lessons of 
developmental and operational testing of the 
System. 
(F) A plan for iterative improvements to 
sensors, software, and form factor through-
out production and procurement of the Sys-
tem. 
(G) Any other matters that the Secretary 
considers relevant to the full understanding 
of the status and plan of the System. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00010
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 21-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8553 
November 19, 2021 
(b) LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS.—Of the 
funds authorized to be appropriated by this 
Act for fiscal year 2022 for procurement of 
the Integrated Visual Augmentation System, 
not more than 50 percent may be obligated 
or expended until the date on which the Sec-
retary submits to the congressional defense 
committees the report required by sub-
section (a)(1). 
SEC. 124. MODIFICATION OF DEPLOYMENT BY 
THE ARMY OF INTERIM CRUISE MIS-
SILE DEFENSE CAPABILITY. 
Section 112(b) of the John S. McCain Na-
tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal 
Year 2019 (Public Law 115–232; 132 Stat. 1660), 
as amended by section 111(b) of the William 
M. (Mac) Thornberry National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2021 (Public 
Law 116–283), is further amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘shall de-
ploy the capability as follows:’’ and all that 
follows through the period at the end and in-
serting ‘‘shall deploy two batteries of the ca-
pability by not later than September 30, 
2020.’’; 
(2) in paragraph (2)— 
(A) in the paragraph heading, by striking 
‘‘DEADLINES’’ and inserting ‘‘DEADLINE’’; 
(B) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A), by striking ‘‘deadlines’’ and inserting 
‘‘deadline’’; 
(C) in subparagraph (F), by adding ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(D) by striking subparagraph (G); and 
(E) by redesignating subparagraph (H) as 
subparagraph (G); and 
(3) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘in para-
graph (1):’’ and all that follows through the 
period at the end and inserting ‘‘in para-
graph (1), if the Secretary determines that 
sufficient funds have not been appropriated 
to enable the Secretary to meet such dead-
line.’’. 
Subtitle C—Navy Programs 
SEC. 131. EXTENSION OF PROHIBITION ON AVAIL-
ABILITY OF FUNDS FOR NAVY PORT 
WATERBORNE SECURITY BARRIERS. 
Section 130(a) of the John S. McCain Na-
tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal 
Year 2019 (Public Law 115–232; 132 Stat. 1665), 
as most recently amended by section 127 of 
the William M. (Mac) Thornberry National 
Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 
2021 (Public Law 116–283), is further amended 
by striking ‘‘for fiscal years 2019, 2020, or 
2021’’ and inserting ‘‘for fiscal years 2019, 
2020, 2021, or 2022’’. 
SEC. 132. ANALYSIS OF CERTAIN RADAR INVEST-
MENT OPTIONS. 
(a) ANALYSIS.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—The Director of Cost As-
sessment and Program Evaluation shall con-
duct an analysis of covered radar systems 
operating with the Aegis combat system in 
the Navy and the Missile Defense Agency in 
the future-years defense program. 
(2) ELEMENTS.—The analysis conducted 
under paragraph (1) shall include the fol-
lowing: 
(A) An independent cost estimate of each 
covered radar systems described in para-
graph (1) and each variant thereof. 
(B) An assessment of the capability pro-
vided by each such system and variant to ad-
dress current and future air and missile de-
fense threats. 
(C) In the case of covered radar systems op-
erating with the Aegis combat system in the 
Navy, an assessment of the capability and 
technical suitability of each planned con-
figuration for such systems to support cur-
rent and future distributed maritime oper-
ations in contested environments. 
(b) REPORT.—Not later than March 1, 2022, 
the Director of Cost Assessment and Pro-
gram Evaluation shall submit to the con-
gressional defense committees the following: 
(1) A report on the results of the analysis 
conducted under subsection (a)(1). 
(2) Such recommendations as the Director 
may have to achieve greater capability, af-
fordability, and sustainability across cov-
ered radar systems described in subsection 
(a)(1), including variants thereof, during fis-
cal years 2022 through 2027, including wheth-
er to maintain parallel paths with different 
systems configurations or to choose to pur-
sue fewer configurations. 
(c) COVERED RADAR SYSTEMS DEFINED.—In 
this section, the term ‘‘covered radar sys-
tems’’ includes the following: 
(1) AN/SPY–1. 
(2) AN/SPY–6. 
(3) AN/SPY–7. 
SEC. 133. EXTENSION OF REPORT ON LITTORAL 
COMBAT SHIP MISSION PACKAGES. 
Section 123(a)(1) of the National Defense 
Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Pub-
lic Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2030) is amended by 
striking ‘‘fiscal year 2022’’ and inserting ‘‘fis-
cal year 2027’’. 
SEC. 134. EXTENSION OF PROCUREMENT AU-
THORITIES FOR CERTAIN AMPHIB-
IOUS SHIPBUILDING PROGRAMS. 
Section 124(a)(1) of the William M. (Mac) 
Thornberry National Defense Authorization 
Act for Fiscal Year 2021 (Public Law 116–283) 
is amended by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2021’’ and 
inserting ‘‘fiscal years 2021 and 2022’’. 
SEC. 135. LIMITATION ON DECOMMISSIONING OR 
INACTIVATING 
A 
BATTLE 
FORCE 
SHIP 
BEFORE 
THE 
END 
OF 
EX-
PECTED SERVICE LIFE. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Chapter 863 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by inserting 
after section 8678 the following new section: 
‘‘§ 8678a. Limitation on decommissioning or 
inactivating a battle force ship before the 
end of expected service life 
‘‘(a) LIMITATION.—The Secretary of the 
Navy may not decommission or inactivate a 
battle force ship before the end of the ex-
pected service life of the ship. 
‘‘(b) WAIVER.—The Secretary may waive 
the limitation under subsection (a) not fewer 
than 30 days after the date on which the Sec-
retary submits to the congressional defense 
committees a certification described in sub-
section (c). 
‘‘(c) CERTIFICATION DESCRIBED.—A certifi-
cation described in this subsection is a cer-
tification that— 
‘‘(1)(A) maintaining the battle force ship in 
a reduced operating status is not feasible; 
‘‘(B) maintaining the ship with reduced ca-
pability is not feasible; 
‘‘(C) maintaining the ship as a Navy Re-
serve unit is not feasible; 
‘‘(D) transferring the ship to the Coast 
Guard is not feasible; 
‘‘(E) maintaining the ship is not required 
to support the most recent national defense 
strategy required by section 113(g) of this 
title; and 
‘‘(F) maintaining the ship is not required 
to support operational plans of any combat-
ant commander; and 
‘‘(2) includes an explanation of— 
‘‘(A) the options assessed and the rationale 
for the determinations under subparagraphs 
(A) through (D) of paragraph (1); and 
‘‘(B) the rationale for the determinations 
under subparagraphs (E) and (F) of such 
paragraph. 
‘‘(d) 
FORM.—A 
certification 
submitted 
under subsection (b) shall be submitted in 
unclassified form, but may include a classi-
fied annex. 
‘‘(e) DEFINITIONS.—In this section: 
‘‘(1) The term ‘battle force ship’ means the 
following: 
‘‘(A) A commissioned United States Ship 
warship capable of contributing to combat 
operations. 
‘‘(B) A United States Naval Ship that con-
tributes directly to Navy warfighting or sup-
port missions. 
‘‘(2) The term ‘expected service life’ means 
the number of years a naval vessel is ex-
pected to be in service.’’. 
(b) CLERICAL
AMENDMENT.—The table of 
sections at the beginning of chapter 863 of 
such title is amended by inserting after the 
item relating to section 8678 the following 
new item: 
‘‘8678a. Limitation on decommissioning or 
inactivating a battle force ship 
before the end of expected serv-
ice life.’’. 
SEC. 136. ACQUISITION, MODERNIZATION, AND 
SUSTAINMENT PLAN FOR CARRIER 
AIR WINGS. 
(a) PLAN REQUIRED.—Not later than Feb-
ruary 1, 2022, the Secretary of the Navy shall 
submit to the congressional defense commit-
tees a 15-year acquisition, modernization, 
and sustainment plan for the carrier air 
wings of the Navy. 
(b) ELEMENTS.—The plan required by sub-
section (a) shall include the following: 
(1) An assessment of how well the capabili-
ties and composition of the carrier air wings 
meet the requirements of the National De-
fense Strategy and a plan to address known 
shortfalls such as with respect to tanker ca-
pacity and strike fighter range. 
(2) An identification of the role of autono-
mous aircraft, including the MQ–25 aircraft, 
and other potential future capabilities and 
platforms in future carrier air wings. 
(3) An assessment of whether nine carrier 
air wings is the correct force structure, con-
sidering— 
(A) whether the composition of aircraft 
and squadrons within a carrier air wing as of 
the date on which the plan is submitted is 
adequate; and 
(B) whether ten carrier air wings, the min-
imum number to be maintained under sec-
tion 8062(e) of title 10, United States Code, 
after the earlier of the two dates referred to 
in subparagraphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (1) 
of such section, is adequate. 
(4) An identification of the appropriate 
modernization plan to maximize operational 
use of platforms in existence as of the date 
on which the report is submitted, particu-
larly the EA–18G aircraft and the E–2D air-
craft, by leveraging available technologies 
such as Next Generation Jammer. 
SEC. 137. IMPROVING OVERSIGHT OF NAVY CON-
TRACTS FOR SHIPBUILDING, CON-
VERSION, AND REPAIR. 
(a) IN
GENERAL.—Chapter 805 title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at 
the end the following new section: 
‘‘§ 8039. Deputy Commander of the Naval Sea 
Systems Command for the Supervision of 
Shipbuilding, Conversion, and Repair 
‘‘(a) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of the 
Navy shall establish and appoint an indi-
vidual to the position of Deputy Commander 
of the Naval Sea Systems Command for the 
Supervision of Shipbuilding, Conversion, and 
Repair (in this section referred to as the 
‘Deputy Commander’). 
‘‘(b) QUALIFICATIONS.—The Deputy Com-
mander shall be a flag officer of the Navy or 
an employee of the Navy in a Senior Execu-
tive Service position. 
‘‘(c) REPORTING.—The Deputy Commander 
shall report directly to the Commander of 
the Naval Sea Systems Command. 
‘‘(d) GENERAL RESPONSIBILITIES.—The Dep-
uty Commander shall— 
‘‘(1) independently administer and manage 
the execution of Department of Defense con-
tracts awarded to commercial entities for 
shipbuilding, conversion, and repair at the 
facilities of such entities; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00011
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 22-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8554 
November 19, 2021 
‘‘(2) serve as the designated contract ad-
ministration office of the Department re-
sponsible for performing contract adminis-
tration services for the contracts described 
in paragraph (1); 
‘‘(3) enforce contract requirements of the 
contracts described in paragraph (1), ensur-
ing contractors and the Department satisfy 
contractual obligations; 
‘‘(4) work with contractors and Federal 
agencies to facilitate greater quality and 
economy in the products and services being 
procured; and 
‘‘(5) provide on-site quality assurance for 
contracts described in paragraph (1), includ-
ing inspections. 
‘‘(e) 
NON-CAS 
FUNCTIONS.—The 
Deputy 
Commander shall manage the complexities 
and unique demands of shipbuilding, conver-
sion, and repair by performing the following 
non-contract administration services func-
tions for Navy Program Executives Offices, 
fleet commanders, and the Naval Sea Sys-
tems Command headquarters: 
‘‘(1) Project oversight, including the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(A) Coordinating responses to non-con-
tractual emergent problems. 
‘‘(B) 
Coordinating 
activities 
of 
precommissioning crews and ship’s force, and 
other Government activities. 
‘‘(C) Communicating with customers and 
higher authority regarding matters that 
may affect project execution. 
‘‘(2) Technical authority, including the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(A) Executing the technical authority re-
sponsibilities of the Waterfront Chief Engi-
neer. 
‘‘(B) Serving as the waterfront technical 
authority of the Naval Sea Systems Com-
mand responsible for providing Government 
direction and coordination in the resolution 
of technical issues. 
‘‘(C) Contract planning and procurement, 
including participation in acquisition plan-
ning and pre-award activities, including as-
sessment of contractor qualifications. 
‘‘(f) COMPREHENSIVE
CONTRACT
MANAGE-
MENT.—The Deputy Commander shall main-
tain direct relationships with the Director of 
the Defense Contract Management Agency 
and the Director of the Defense Contract 
Audit Agency to facilitate comprehensive 
contract management and oversight of con-
tractors awarded a contract described in sub-
section (d)(1) and subcontractors. 
‘‘(g) SUBCONTRACTOR AUDITS.—The Deputy 
Commander shall request that the Director 
of the Defense Contract Audit Agency per-
form periodic audits of subcontractors that 
perform cost- or incentive-type subcontracts 
for which the Deputy Commander serves as 
the designated contract administration of-
fice of the Department and that are valued 
at $50,000,000 or more. 
‘‘(h) ANNUAL
WRITTEN
ASSESSMENT.—(1) 
Not later than March 1 of each year, the 
Deputy Commander shall submit to the con-
gressional defense committees a written as-
sessment of the contracts for which the Dep-
uty Commander serves as the designated 
contract administration office of the Depart-
ment. 
‘‘(2) Each written assessment required by 
paragraph (1) shall include the following: 
‘‘(A) The cost, schedule, and performance 
of each contract covered by the assessment. 
‘‘(B) A summary of any requests for correc-
tive action or other significant contract dis-
crepancies documented by the office of the 
Deputy Commander, the Defense Contract 
Management Agency, or the Defense Con-
tract Audit Agency for such contracts, and 
any actions planned or taken in response. 
‘‘(C) A summary of any dedicated evalua-
tion, such as a review by a task force or 
working group, of the organizational struc-
ture and resourcing plans and requirements 
that support the supervision of shipbuilding, 
conversion, and repair, that— 
‘‘(i) includes key findings, recommenda-
tions, and implementation plans; and 
‘‘(ii) indicates any additional support need-
ed from other organizations of the Depart-
ment, such as the Defense Contract Audit 
Agency and the Defense Contract Manage-
ment Agency, for implementation.’’. 
(b) CLERICAL
AMENDMENT.—The table of 
sections at the beginning of chapter 805 of 
such title is amended by adding at the end 
the following new item: 
‘‘8039. Deputy Commander of the Naval Sea 
Systems Command for the Su-
pervision of Shipbuilding, Con-
version, and Repair.’’. 
(c) DEADLINE FOR ESTABLISHMENT AND AP-
POINTMENT.—Not later than 90 days after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-
retary of the Navy shall establish and ap-
point an individual to the position of Deputy 
Commander of the Naval Sea Systems Com-
mand for the Supervision of Shipbuilding, 
Conversion, and Repair under section 8039 of 
such title, as added by subsection (a). 
Subtitle D—Air Force Programs 
SEC. 141. REQUIRED MINIMUM INVENTORY OF 
TACTICAL AIRLIFT AIRCRAFT. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of the Air 
Force shall maintain a total tactical airlift 
aircraft inventory of not less than 292 air-
craft. 
(b) EXCEPTION.—The Secretary of the Air 
Force may reduce the number of C–130 air-
craft in the Air Force below the minimum 
number specified in subsection (a) if the Sec-
retary of the Air Force determines, on a 
case-by-case basis, that an aircraft is no 
longer mission capable because of a mishap 
or other damage. 
(c) SAVINGS CLAUSE.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—During fiscal years 2021, 
2022, and 2023, the Secretary of the Air Force 
is prohibited from reducing the total tactical 
airlift aircraft inventory from the National 
Guard. 
(2) REPLACEMENTS.—The Secretary of the 
Air Force may remove an aircraft from the 
total tactical airlift aircraft inventory of the 
National Guard if the Secretary of the Air 
Force replaces the aircraft with a similarly 
capable mobility aircraft. 
(d) SUNSET.—This section shall not apply 
after October 1, 2023. 
(e) 
CONFORMING
AMENDMENT.—Section 
134(d) of the William M. (Mac) Thornberry 
National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-
cal Year 2021 (Public Law 116–283) is amended 
by striking ‘‘October 1, 2021’’ and inserting 
‘‘the date of the enactment of the National 
Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 
2022’’. 
SEC. 142. EXTENSION OF INVENTORY REQUIRE-
MENT FOR AIR FORCE FIGHTER AIR-
CRAFT. 
(a) EXTENSION
OF
INVENTORY
REQUIRE-
MENT.—Section 9062(i)(1) of title 10, United 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Octo-
ber 1, 2022’’ and inserting ‘‘October 1, 2026’’. 
(b) EXTENSION
OF LIMITATION
ON RETIRE-
MENT OF AIR FORCE FIGHTER AIRCRAFT.—Sec-
tion 131(b) of the National Defense Author-
ization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 
115–91; 131 Stat. 1314; 10 U.S.C. 9062 note) is 
amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘October 1, 
2022’’ and inserting ‘‘October 1, 2026’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘October 1, 
2022’’ and inserting ‘‘October 1, 2026’’. 
SEC. 143. PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR 
RETIREMENT OF A–10 AIRCRAFT. 
(a) PROHIBITION.—Notwithstanding sections 
134 and 135 of the National Defense Author-
ization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 
114–328; 130 Stat. 2037), and except as provided 
in subsection (b), none of the funds author-
ized to be appropriated by this Act for fiscal 
year 2022 for the Air Force may be obligated 
to retire, prepare to retire, or place in stor-
age or on backup aircraft inventory status 
any A–10 aircraft. 
(b) EXCEPTION.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—The limitation under sub-
section (a) shall not apply to an individual 
A–10 aircraft that the Secretary of the Air 
Force determines, on a case-by-case basis, to 
be no longer mission capable because of a 
Class A mishap. 
(2) CERTIFICATION
REQUIRED.—If the Sec-
retary determines under paragraph (1) that 
an aircraft is no longer mission capable, the 
Secretary shall submit to the congressional 
defense committees a certification that the 
status of such aircraft is due to a Class A 
mishap and not due to lack of maintenance 
or repairs or other reasons. 
(3) CERTIFICATION ADDITIONAL.—Any certifi-
cation submitted under paragraph (2) shall 
be in addition to the notification and certifi-
cation required by section 135(b) of the Na-
tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal 
Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2039). 
(c) IMPLEMENTATION
REPORT.—Not later 
than 90 days after the date of the enactment 
of this Act, the Secretary of the Air Force 
shall submit to the congressional defense 
committees a report setting forth the fol-
lowing: 
(1) The plans of the Secretary to re-wing 
each of the aircraft in the fleet of 281 A–10 
aircraft that have not received new wings as 
of the date of the enactment of this Act, in-
cluding— 
(A) the funding needed to complete re- 
winging of the aircraft in the fleet and the 
fiscal year in which such funds will be re-
quested; and 
(B) the plan for executing the installa-
tions, including the intended location, num-
ber of aircraft, and fiscal year in which in-
stallations will be completed. 
(2) The funding needed to maintain the air-
craft in the fleet of 281 A–10 aircraft at a rate 
of operational readiness of not less than 80 
percent mission capable and not less than 70 
percent fully mission capable, including— 
(A) the funding for unit, intermediate, and 
depot maintenance and repair, spare parts, 
fuel and all other flying hour costs; 
(B) the actual funding being made avail-
able by the Air Force to achieve and main-
tain such readiness levels; and 
(C) any actions taken or contemplated to 
be taken to bridge any shortfall. 
(d) REPORT ON COMPARISON TEST AND EVAL-
UATION THAT EXAMINES CAPABILITIES OF F– 
35A AND A–10C AIRCRAFT.—Section 134(e)(1) 
of the National Defense Authorization Act 
for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 
Stat. 2038) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘; and’’ 
and inserting a semicolon; 
(2) in subparagraph (B)— 
(A) by inserting ‘‘the results and findings 
of’’ before ‘‘a comparison’’; and 
(B) by striking the period at the end and 
inserting a semicolon; and 
(3) by adding after subparagraph (B) the 
following new subparagraph: 
‘‘(C) details of the design and metrics of 
the comparison test and evaluation described 
in subparagraph (B), including each scenario 
examined in the test, number of sorties, time 
on station, how the interaction with ground 
forces and Joint Terminal Air Controllers 
was assessed or simulated, how scenarios 
adequately represented real-world threats, 
ability to strike representative targets, and 
combat dynamics in which close air support, 
search and rescue, and forward air controller 
airborne missions were conducted.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00012
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 23-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8555 
November 19, 2021 
SEC. 144. REQUIREMENTS RELATING TO RE-
PORTS ON FIGHTER AIRCRAFT. 
(a) MODIFICATION OF LIMITATION ON RETIRE-
MENT
OF A–10 AIRCRAFT.—Section 134(b) of 
the National Defense Authorization Act for 
Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 
Stat. 2037) is amended by striking ‘‘report 
under subsection (e)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘part 
of the report under subsection (e)(2) that is 
required under subparagraph (C) of that sub-
section’’. 
(b) FIGHTER
AIRCRAFT
COMPARISON
TEST 
REPORTS.— 
(1) REPORT FROM DIRECTOR OF OPERATIONAL 
TEST
AND
EVALUATION.—Not later than 60 
days after the date of the enactment of this 
Act, the Director of Operational Test and 
Evaluation shall submit to the congressional 
defense committees the part of the report re-
quired by section 134(e)(1)(B) of the National 
Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 
2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2038). 
(2) REPORT
FROM
SECRETARY
OF
THE
AIR 
FORCE.—Not later than 60 days after the date 
of the submission of the report under para-
graph (1), the Secretary of the Air Force 
shall submit to the congressional defense 
committees the part of the report required 
by section 134(e)(2)(C) of the National De-
fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 
(Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2038). 
SEC. 145. PROHIBITION ON ADDITIONAL F–35 AIR-
CRAFT 
FOR 
THE 
AIR 
NATIONAL 
GUARD. 
Beginning on the date of the enactment of 
this Act, the Secretary of the Air Force may 
not equip any unit of the Air National Guard 
of the United States with an F–35 aircraft 
until the ratio of combat-coded F–35 aircraft 
of the Regular Air Force to combat-coded F– 
35 aircraft of the Air National Guard is 
greater than 4 to 1. 
SEC. 146. PROHIBITION ON AVAILABILITY OF 
FUNDS FOR REDUCING THE NUM-
BER OF KC–135 AIRCRAFT OF THE 
AIR NATIONAL GUARD DESIGNATED 
AS PRIMARY MISSION AIRCRAFT IN-
VENTORY. 
Section 135(d) of the William M. (Mac) 
Thornberry National Defense Authorization 
Act for Fiscal Year 2021 (Public Law 116–283) 
is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘None’’ and inserting the 
following: 
‘‘(1) FISCAL YEAR 2021.—None’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(2) FISCAL YEAR 2022.—None of the funds 
authorized to be appropriated by this Act for 
fiscal year 2022 for the Air Force may be ob-
ligated to reduce the number of KC–135 air-
craft of the Air National Guard designated as 
primary mission aircraft inventory.’’. 
SEC. 147. AUTHORITY TO DIVEST 18 KC–135 AIR-
CRAFT. 
Notwithstanding section 135 of the William 
M. (Mac) Thornberry National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2021 (Public 
Law 116–283), during the period beginning on 
the date of the enactment of this Act and 
ending on October 1, 2022, the Secretary of 
the Air Force may divest 18 KC–135 aircraft. 
SEC. 148. PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR A 
FOLLOW-ON TANKER AIRCRAFT TO 
THE KC–46 AIRCRAFT. 
None of the funds authorized to be appro-
priated by this Act for fiscal year 2022 for the 
Air Force may be obligated for a follow-on 
tanker aircraft to the KC–46 aircraft (com-
monly referred to as a ‘‘bridge tanker’’) until 
the date on which the Remote Vision System 
version 2.0 begins operational testing. 
SEC. 149. MAINTENANCE OF B–1 BOMBER AIR-
CRAFT SQUADRONS. 
The Secretary of the Air Force shall fully 
maintain the operational and maintenance 
squadrons of the B–1 bomber aircraft in ex-
istence as of the date of the enactment of 
this Act until at least September 30, 2030, un-
less such squadrons are replaced by units of 
the B–21 bomber aircraft. 
Subtitle E—Defense-wide, Joint, and 
Multiservice Matters 
SEC. 161. PROHIBITION ON DUPLICATION OF EF-
FORTS TO PROVIDE AIR- AND SPACE- 
BASED GROUND MOVING TARGET IN-
DICATOR CAPABILITY. 
(a) PROHIBITION
ON
DUPLICATION
OF
EF-
FORTS.—The Secretary of Defense shall en-
sure that efforts to provide air- and space- 
based ground moving target indicator capa-
bility are not duplicated across the Depart-
ment of Defense. 
(b) PROHIBITION
ON USE
OF FUNDS.—The 
Secretary of Defense may not obligate or ex-
pend any funds to provide the capability de-
scribed in subsection (a) until the Vice 
Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, in con-
sultation with the Secretaries of the mili-
tary departments and the heads of such 
agencies as the Secretary of Defense con-
siders appropriate, submits to the congres-
sional defense committees the following: 
(1) A list of all procurement and research 
and development efforts relating to the capa-
bility described in subsection (a) funded by 
the Department of Defense or any other 
agency of the executive branch. 
(2) A description of how the efforts de-
scribed in paragraph (1) will provide real- 
time information to warfighters through the 
use of air battle managers and the joint all 
domain command and control efforts of the 
Department. 
SEC. 162. LIMITATION ON FUNDS FOR ARMED 
OVERWATCH AIRCRAFT. 
None of the funds authorized to be appro-
priated by this Act for Procurement, De-
fense-wide, for the procurement of armed 
overwatch aircraft by the United States Spe-
cial Operations Command may be obligated 
or expended until 15 days after submission to 
the congressional defense committees of the 
acquisition roadmap required by section 
165(a) of the William M. (Mac) Thornberry 
National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-
cal Year 2021 (Public Law 116–283). 
SEC. 
163. 
TRANSITION 
OF 
F–35 
PROGRAM 
SUSTAINMENT FROM JOINT PRO-
GRAM OFFICE TO AIR FORCE AND 
NAVY. 
(a) TRANSITION PLAN.—Not later than Feb-
ruary 1, 2022, the Under Secretary of Defense 
for Acquisition and Sustainment, in con-
sultation with the Secretary of the Air Force 
and the Secretary of the Navy, shall submit 
to the congressional defense committees a 
report 
with 
a 
plan 
for 
transitioning 
sustainment responsibilities for the F–35 pro-
gram away from the Joint Program Office. 
The plan shall include the full transfer by 
October 1, 2027, of sustainment responsibil-
ities for the F–35A to the Air Force as execu-
tive agent and of sustainment responsibil-
ities for the F–35B and F–35C to the Navy as 
executive agent. 
(b) TRANSITION
REQUIREMENT.—Not later 
than October 1, 2027, the Secretary of De-
fense shall fully transition sustainment re-
sponsibilities for the F–35 program from the 
Joint Program Office to the Air Force and 
the Navy as specified under subsection (a). 
TITLE II—RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, 
TEST, AND EVALUATION 
Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations 
SEC. 201. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated for fiscal year 2022 for the use of the 
Department of Defense for research, develop-
ment, test, and evaluation, as specified in 
the funding table in section 4201. 
Subtitle B—Program Requirements, 
Restrictions, and Limitations 
SEC. 211. INCREASE IN ALLOWABLE RATE OF 
BASIC PAY FOR CERTAIN EMPLOY-
EES OF DEFENSE ADVANCED RE-
SEARCH PROJECTS AGENCY. 
Subparagraph (A) of section 1599h(b)(2) of 
title 10, United States Code, is amended to 
read as follows: 
‘‘(A) in the case of employees appointed 
pursuant to paragraph (1)(B)— 
‘‘(i) to any of 5 positions designated by the 
Director of the Defense Advanced Research 
Projects Agency for purposes of this clause, 
at rates not in excess of a rate equal to 150 
percent of the maximum rate of basic pay 
authorized for positions at Level I of the Ex-
ecutive Schedule under section 5312 of title 5; 
and 
‘‘(ii) to any other position designated by 
the Director for purposes of this clause, at 
rates not in excess of the maximum amount 
of total annual compensation payable at the 
salary set in accordance with section 104 of 
title 3; and’’. 
SEC. 212. ADDITIONAL MISSION AREAS FOR 
MECHANISMS FOR EXPEDITED AC-
CESS TO TECHNICAL TALENT AND 
EXPERTISE AT ACADEMIC INSTITU-
TIONS 
BY 
DEPARTMENT 
OF 
DE-
FENSE. 
Section 217(e) of the National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (10 
U.S.C. 2358 note) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraph (30) as para-
graph (33); and 
(2) by inserting after paragraph (29) the fol-
lowing new paragraphs (30), (31), and (32): 
‘‘(30) Research security and integrity. 
‘‘(31) Spectrum dominance. 
‘‘(32) Printed circuit boards.’’. 
SEC. 213. MODIFICATION OF OTHER TRANS-
ACTION AUTHORITY FOR RESEARCH 
PROJECTS. 
Section 2371 of title 10, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in subsection (e)— 
(A) by striking paragraph (2); 
(B) in paragraph (1), in the matter before 
subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘(1)’’; and 
(C) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) and 
(B) as paragraphs (1) and (2), respectively; 
and 
(2) by amending subsection (h) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(h) GUIDANCE.—The Secretary of Defense 
shall issue guidance to carry out this sec-
tion.’’. 
SEC. 214. ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE METRICS. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
the Secretary of Defense shall— 
(1) review the potential applications of ar-
tificial intelligence and digital technology to 
Department of Defense platforms, processes, 
and operations; and 
(2) establish performance objectives and 
accompanying metrics for the incorporation 
of artificial intelligence and digital readi-
ness into such platforms, processes, and op-
erations. 
(b) PERFORMANCE OBJECTIVES AND ACCOM-
PANYING METRICS.— 
(1) SKILL GAPS.—In carrying out subsection 
(a), the Secretary shall require each sec-
retary of a military department and the head 
of each component of the Department shall— 
(A)(i) conduct a comprehensive review of 
skill gaps in the fields of software develop-
ment, software engineering, knowledge man-
agement, data science, and artificial intel-
ligence; 
(ii) assess the number and qualifications of 
civilian personnel needed for both manage-
ment and specialist tracks in such fields; 
(iii) assess the number of military per-
sonnel (officer and enlisted) needed for both 
management and specialist tracks in such 
fields; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00013
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 24-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8556 
November 19, 2021 
(B) establish recruiting, training, and tal-
ent management performance objectives and 
accompanying metrics for achieving and 
maintaining staffing levels needed to fill 
identified gaps and meet the needs of the De-
partment for skilled personnel. 
(2) AI MODERNIZATION ACTIVITIES.—In car-
rying out subsection (a), the Secretary 
shall— 
(A) assess investment by the Department 
in artificial intelligence innovation, science 
and technology, and research and develop-
ment; 
(B) assess investment by the Department 
in test and evaluation of artificial intel-
ligence capabilities; and 
(C) establish performance objectives and 
accompanying metrics for artificial intel-
ligence modernization activities of the De-
partment. 
(3) EXERCISES, WARGAMES, AND EXPERIMEN-
TATION.—To assist the Secretary in carrying 
out subsection (a), the Chairman of the Joint 
Chiefs of Staff shall— 
(A) assess the integration of artificial in-
telligence into war-games, exercises, and ex-
perimentation; and 
(B) develop performance objectives and ac-
companying metrics for such integration. 
(4) LOGISTICS
AND
SUSTAINMENT.—In car-
rying out subsection (a), the Secretary shall 
require the Under Secretary of Defense for 
Acquisition and Sustainment— 
(A) to assess the application of artificial 
intelligence in logistics and sustainment 
systems; and 
(B) to establish performance objectives and 
accompanying metrics for integration of ar-
tificial intelligence in the Department of De-
fense logistics and sustainment enterprise. 
(5) BUSINESS AI APPLICATIONS.—In carrying 
out subsection (a), the Secretary of Defense 
shall— 
(A) assess the integration of artificial in-
telligence for administrative functions that 
can be performed with robotic process auto-
mation and artificial intelligence-enabled 
analysis; and 
(B) establish performance objectives and 
accompanying metrics for the integration of 
artificial intelligence in priority business 
process areas of the Department, including 
the following: 
(i) Human resources. 
(ii) Budget and finance, including audit. 
(iii) Retail. 
(iv) Real estate. 
(v) Health care. 
(vi) Logistics. 
(vii) Such other business processes as the 
Secretary considers appropriate. 
(c) REPORT TO CONGRESS.—Not later than 
120 days after the completion of the review 
required by subsection (a)(1), the Secretary 
shall submit to the congressional defense 
committees a report on— 
(1) the findings of the Secretary with re-
spect to the review and any action taken or 
proposed to be taken by the Secretary to ad-
dress such findings; and 
(2) the performance objectives and accom-
panying 
metrics 
established 
under 
sub-
sections (a)(2) and (b). 
SEC. 215. MODIFICATION OF THE JOINT COMMON 
FOUNDATION PROGRAM. 
(a) MODIFICATION OF JOINT COMMON FOUN-
DATION.—The Secretary of Defense shall 
modify the Joint Common Foundation pro-
gram conducted by the Joint Artificial Intel-
ligence Center to ensure that Department of 
Defense components can more easily con-
tract with leading commercial artificial in-
telligence companies to support the rapid 
and efficient development and deployment of 
applications and capabilities. 
(b) QUALIFYING COMMERCIAL COMPANIES.— 
The Secretary shall take such actions as 
may be necessary to increase the number of 
commercial artificial intelligence companies 
eligible to provide support to Department of 
Defense components, including with respect 
to requirements for cybersecurity protec-
tions and processes, to achieve automatic 
authority to operate and provide continuous 
delivery, security clearances, data port-
ability, and interoperability. 
(c) USE OF FAR PART 12.—The Secretary 
shall ensure that, to the maximum extent 
practicable, 
commercial 
artificial 
intel-
ligence companies are able to offer plat-
forms, services, applications, and tools to 
components through processes and proce-
dures under part 12 of the Federal Acquisi-
tion Regulation. 
(d) OBJECTIVES OF THE JOINT COMMON FOUN-
DATION
PROGRAM.—The objectives of the 
Joint Common Foundation shall include the 
following: 
(1) Relieving components of the need to de-
sign or develop or independently contract for 
the computing and data hosting platforms 
and associated services on and through 
which the component would apply its domain 
expertise to develop specific artificial intel-
ligence applications. 
(2) Providing expert guidance to compo-
nents in selecting commercial platforms, 
tools, and services to support the develop-
ment of component artificial intelligence ap-
plications. 
(3) Ensuring that leading commercial arti-
ficial intelligence technologies and capabili-
ties are easily and rapidly accessible to com-
ponents through streamlined contracting 
processes. 
(4) Assisting components in designing, de-
veloping, accessing, or acquiring commercial 
or non-commercial capabilities that may be 
needed to support the operational use of arti-
ficial intelligence applications. 
(5) Enabling companies to develop software 
for artificial intelligence applications within 
secure software development environments 
that are controlled, sponsored, required, or 
specified by the Department of Defense, in-
cluding PlatformOne of the Department of 
the Air Force 
(e) BRIEFING.—Not later than 120 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the 
Secretary shall provide to the congressional 
defense committees a briefing on actions 
taken to carry out this section. 
SEC. 216. EXECUTIVE EDUCATION ON EMERGING 
TECHNOLOGIES FOR SENIOR CIVIL-
IAN AND MILITARY LEADERS. 
(a) ESTABLISHMENT OF COURSE.—Not later 
than two years after the date of the enact-
ment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense 
shall establish executive education activities 
on emerging technologies for appropriate 
general and flag officers and senior execu-
tive-level civilian leaders that are designed 
specifically to prepare new general and flag 
officers and senior executive-level civilian 
leaders on relevant technologies and how 
these technologies may be applied to mili-
tary and business activities in the Depart-
ment of Defense. 
(b) PLAN FOR PARTICIPATION.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of Defense 
shall develop a plan for participation in ex-
ecutive 
education 
activities 
established 
under subsection (a). 
(2) REQUIREMENTS.—As part of such plan, 
the Secretary shall ensure that, not later 
than five years after the date of the estab-
lishment of the activities under subsection 
(a), all appropriate general flag officers and 
senior executive-level civilian leaders are— 
(A) required to complete the executive edu-
cation activities under such subsection; and 
(B) certified as having successfully com-
pleted the executive education activities. 
(c) REPORT.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than the date 
that is three years after the date of the en-
actment of this Act, the Secretary of De-
fense shall submit to the Committee on 
Armed Services of the Senate and the Com-
mittee on Armed Services of the House of 
Representatives a report on the status of the 
implementation of the activities required by 
subsection (a). 
(2) CONTENTS.—The report submitted under 
paragraph (1) shall include the following: 
(A) A description of the new general and 
flag officers and senior executive-level civil-
ian leaders for whom the education activi-
ties have been designated. 
(B) A recommendation with respect to con-
tinuing or expanding the activities required 
under subsection (a). 
SEC. 217. IMPROVEMENTS RELATING TO NA-
TIONAL NETWORK FOR MICROELEC-
TRONICS RESEARCH AND DEVELOP-
MENT. 
Section 9903(b) of the William M. (Mac) 
Thornberry National Defense Authorization 
Act for Fiscal Year 2021 (Public Law 116–283) 
is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), in the matter before 
subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘may’’ and in-
serting ‘‘shall’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraphs: 
‘‘(3) STRUCTURE.—(A) In carrying out para-
graph (1), the Secretary shall, through a 
competitive process, select two or more enti-
ties to carry out the activities described in 
paragraph (2) as part of the network estab-
lished under paragraph (1). 
‘‘(B) The Secretary shall, to the extent 
practicable, ensure that the entities selected 
under subparagraph (A) collectively rep-
resent the geographic diversity of the United 
States.’’. 
SEC. 218. ACTIVITIES TO ACCELERATE DOMESTIC 
QUANTUM 
COMPUTING 
CAPABILI-
TIES. 
(a) ACTIVITIES REQUIRED.—The Secretary of 
Defense shall establish a set of activities— 
(1) to accelerate the development and de-
ployment of a useful, large scale, dual-use 
quantum computing capability; 
(2) to ensure that the Department of De-
fense is fully aware and has a technical un-
derstanding of the maturity and operational 
utility of new and emerging quantum com-
puting technologies; and 
(3) to ensure the Department of Defense 
consistently has access to the most advanced 
quantum computing capabilities available in 
the commercial sector to support research 
and modernization activities. 
(b) ASSISTANCE PROGRAM.— 
(1) PROGRAM
REQUIRED.—In carrying out 
subsection (a) and subject to the availability 
of appropriations for this purpose, the Sec-
retary shall, acting through the Director of 
the Defense Advanced Research Projects 
Agency and in consultation with such offi-
cials from government and private sector or-
ganizations as the Secretary considers ap-
propriate, establish a program under which 
the Secretary may award assistance to one 
or more organizations to accelerate the de-
velopment and deployment of a useful, dual- 
use quantum computing capability. 
(2) 
FORM
OF
ASSISTANCE.—Assistance 
awarded under the program required by para-
graph (1) may consist of a grant, a contract, 
a cooperative agreement, or such other form 
of assistance as the Secretary considers ap-
propriate. 
(3) 
AUTHORITIES
AND
ACQUISITION
AP-
PROACHES.—The Secretary may use the fol-
lowing 
authorities 
and 
acquisition 
ap-
proaches for the program required by para-
graph (1): 
(A) Section 2374a of title 10, United States 
Code, relating to prizes for advanced tech-
nology achievements. 
(B) Section 2373 of such title, relating to 
procurement for experimental purposes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00014
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 25-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8557 
November 19, 2021 
(C) Sections 2371 and 2371b of such title, re-
lating to transactions other than contracts 
and grants. 
(D) Section 2358 of such title, relating to 
research and development projects. 
(E) Section 879 of the National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public 
Law 114–328; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note), relating to 
defense pilot program for authority to ac-
quire innovative commercial items, tech-
nologies, and services using general solicita-
tion competitive procedures. 
(F) Milestone payments based on technical 
achievements. 
(G) Requirement for cost share from pri-
vate sector participants in the program. 
(H) Commercial procurements under part 
12 of the Federal Acquisition Regulations. 
(I) Such other authorities or approaches as 
the Secretary considers appropriate. 
(4) POLICIES
AND
PROCEDURES.—The Sec-
retary shall, in consultation with such ex-
perts from government and industry as the 
Secretary considers appropriate, establish 
policies and procedures to carry out the pro-
gram required by paragraph (1). 
(c) BRIEFING AND REPORT.— 
(1) BRIEFING.—Not later than March 1, 2022, 
the Secretary shall provide to the congres-
sional defense committees a briefing on the 
plan to carry out the activities required by 
subsection (a) and the program required by 
subsection (b). 
(2) REPORT.—Not later than December 31, 
2022, and not less frequently than once each 
year thereafter until December 31, 2026, the 
Secretary shall submit to the congressional 
defense committees a report on the activi-
ties carried out under subsection (a) and the 
program carried out under subsection (b). 
SEC. 219. PILOT PROGRAMS FOR PASSIVE TELE-
COMMUNICATIONS 
INFRASTRUC-
TURE TO FACILITATE INSTALLATION 
5G DEPLOYMENT. 
(a) PLANS.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 180 days 
after enactment of this Act, each Secretary 
of a military department shall submit to the 
congressional defense committees a plan for 
a pilot program for the deployment of pas-
sive telecommunications infrastructure to 
facilitate the deployment of fifth-generation 
wireless telecommunications on military in-
stallations of the respective military depart-
ment. 
(2) PLAN ELEMENTS.—Each plan submitted 
under paragraph (1) by a Secretary of a mili-
tary department shall include, with respect 
to such military department, the following: 
(A) A list of military installations at 
which the pilot program will be carried out, 
including at least one military installation 
of the department. 
(B) A description of authorities that will 
be used to execute the pilot program. 
(C) A timeline for the implementation and 
duration of the pilot program. 
(D) The number of telecommunication car-
riers that intend to use the passive tele-
communications infrastructure to provide 
services at each of the military installations 
listed under subparagraph (A). 
(E) An assessment of need for centralized 
processes and points of contacts to facilitate 
passive telecommunications infrastructure 
or similar telecommunications infrastruc-
ture. 
(b) PILOT PROGRAMS REQUIRED.—Not later 
than one year after the date of the enact-
ment of this Act, each Secretary of a mili-
tary department shall establish a pilot pro-
gram in accordance with the plan submitted 
by the Secretary under subsection (a)(1). 
(c) REPORTS.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 180 days 
after the date on which a Secretary of a mili-
tary department commences a pilot program 
under subsection (b) and not less frequently 
than once every 180 days thereafter until the 
completion of the pilot program, the Sec-
retary of the military department shall sub-
mit to the congressional defense committees 
a report on the pilot program. 
(2) 
CONTENTS.—Each 
report 
submitted 
under paragraph (1) for a pilot program shall 
include the following: 
(A) A description of the status of the pilot 
program at each location at which the pilot 
program is carried out. 
(B) A description of the use of and services 
provided by telecommunications carriers of 
the passive telecommunications infrastruc-
ture at each military installation under the 
pilot program. 
(C) Such additional information as the 
Secretary of the military department con-
siders appropriate. 
(d) PASSIVE
TELECOMMUNICATIONS
INFRA-
STRUCTURE
DEFINED.—In this section, the 
term ‘‘passive telecommunications infra-
structure’’ means the passive components 
that enable services of commercial tele-
communication carriers and Department of 
Defense private networks, including macro 
tower, small cell poles, distributed antenna 
systems, dark fiber, and assured power solu-
tions. 
SEC. 220. NATIONAL GUARD PARTICIPATION IN 
MICROREACTOR 
TESTING 
AND 
EVALUATION. 
The Secretary of Defense may, in coordina-
tion with the Director of the Strategic Capa-
bilities Office and the Chief of the National 
Guard Bureau, assemble a collection of four 
National Guard units to participate in the 
testing and evaluation of a micro nuclear re-
actor program. 
SEC. 221. LIMITATION ON TRANSFER OF CERTAIN 
OPERATIONAL FLIGHT TEST EVENTS 
AND REDUCTION IN OPERATIONAL 
FLIGHT TEST CAPACITY. 
The Secretary of the Navy may not trans-
fer any operational flight test event to be 
completed by a nontest designated unit and 
may not reduce any operational flight test 
capacity until such time as the Director of 
Operational Test and Evaluation has, in con-
sultation with the Secretary of the Navy, 
certified that the use of nontest designated 
units to conduct flight tests will not have 
any appreciable effect on program cost, pro-
gram schedule, or the efficacy of test com-
pletion. 
SEC. 222. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF 
FUNDS FOR THE HIGH ACCURACY 
DETECTION 
AND 
EXPLOITATION 
SYSTEM. 
Of the funds authorized to be appropriated 
by this Act for fiscal year 2022 for Research, 
Development, Test and Evaluation, Army, 
for the High Accuracy Detection and Exploi-
tation System, not more than 50 percent 
may be obligated until the Vice Chairman of 
the Joint Chiefs of Staff certifies that— 
(1) the High Accuracy Detection and Ex-
ploitation System is a critical component of 
Project Convergence of the Army and is con-
sistent with the Joint All Domain Command 
and Control strategy of the Department of 
Defense; and 
(2) in a conflict, it will be able to operate 
at 
standoff 
distances 
for 
survivability 
against enemy air defenses, while providing 
signals intelligence, electronic intelligence, 
communications intelligence, or synthetic 
aperture radar or moving target indicator in-
formation to the ground component com-
mander, consistent with planned operational 
concepts. 
Subtitle C—Codification and Technical 
Corrections 
SEC. 231. CODIFICATION OF DIRECT HIRE AU-
THORITY 
AT 
PERSONNEL 
DEM-
ONSTRATION 
LABORATORIES 
FOR 
ADVANCED DEGREE HOLDERS. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Section 2358a of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsection (f) as sub-
section (g); and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (e) the fol-
lowing new subsection (f): 
‘‘(f) DIRECT HIRE AUTHORITY AT PERSONNEL 
DEMONSTRATION
LABORATORIES
FOR
AD-
VANCED DEGREE HOLDERS.— 
‘‘(1) AUTHORITY.—The Secretary of Defense 
may appoint qualified candidates possessing 
an advanced degree to positions described in 
paragraph (2) without regard to the provi-
sions of subchapter I of chapter 33 of title 5, 
other than sections 3303 and 3328 of such 
title. 
‘‘(2) APPLICABILITY.—This subsection ap-
plies with respect to candidates for scientific 
and engineering positions within any labora-
tory designated by section 1105(a) of the Na-
tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal 
Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 2486; 
10 U.S.C. 2358 note) as a Department of De-
fense science and technology reinvention 
laboratory. 
‘‘(3) LIMITATION.—(A) Authority under this 
subsection may not, in any calendar year 
and with respect to any laboratory, be exer-
cised with respect to a number of candidates 
greater than the number equal to 5 percent 
of the total number of scientific and engi-
neering positions within such laboratory 
that are filled as of the close of the fiscal 
year last ending before the start of such cal-
endar year. 
‘‘(B) For purposes of this paragraph, posi-
tions and candidates shall be counted on a 
full-time equivalent basis.’’. 
(b) REPEAL.—Section 1108 of the Duncan 
Hunter National Defense Authorization Act 
for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417) is 
hereby repealed. 
(c) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS.—(1) Section 
255(b)(5)(B) of the National Defense Author-
ization Act for Fiscal Year 2020 (Public Law 
116–92; 10 U.S.C. 2223a note) is amended by 
striking ‘‘in section 2358a(f)(3) of’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘in section 2358a(g) of’’. 
(2) Section 223(d)(3)(C) of the National De-
fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2020 
(Public Law 116–92; 10 U.S.C. 2358 note) is 
amended by striking ‘‘in section 2358a(f) of’’ 
and inserting ‘‘in section 2358a(g) of’’. 
SEC. 232. CODIFICATION OF AUTHORITIES RE-
LATING TO DEPARTMENT OF DE-
FENSE SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY 
REINVENTION LABORATORIES. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Subchapter II of chapter 
305 of title 10, United States Code, as added 
by section 1843 of the William M. (Mac) 
Thornberry National Defense Authorization 
Act for Fiscal Year 2021 (Public Law 116–283), 
is amended by inserting before section 4111 
the following new section: 
‘‘§ 4110. Science and technology reinvention 
laboratories: authority and designation 
‘‘(a) IN GENERAL.—(1) The Secretary of De-
fense may carry out personnel demonstra-
tion projects at Department of Defense lab-
oratories designated by the Secretary as De-
partment of Defense science and technology 
reinvention laboratories. 
‘‘(2)(A) 
Each 
personnel 
demonstration 
project carried out under the authority of 
paragraph (1) shall be generally similar in 
nature to the China Lake demonstration 
project. 
‘‘(B) For purposes of subparagraph (A), the 
China Lake demonstration project is the 
demonstration project that is authorized by 
section 6 of the Civil Service Miscellaneous 
Amendments Act of 1983 (Public Law 98–224) 
to be continued at the Naval Weapons Cen-
ter, China Lake, California, and at the Naval 
Ocean Systems Center, San Diego, Cali-
fornia. 
‘‘(3) If the Secretary carries out a dem-
onstration project at a laboratory pursuant 
to paragraph (1), section 4703 of title 5 shall 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00015
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 26-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8558 
November 19, 2021 
apply to the demonstration project, except 
that— 
‘‘(A) subsection (d) of such section 4703 
shall not apply to the demonstration project; 
‘‘(B) the authority of the Secretary to 
carry out the demonstration project is that 
which is provided in paragraph (1) rather 
than the authority which is provided in such 
section 4703; and 
‘‘(C) the Secretary shall exercise the au-
thorities granted to the Office of Personnel 
Management under such section 4703 through 
the Under Secretary of Defense for Research 
and Engineering (who shall place an empha-
sis in the exercise of such authorities on en-
hancing efficient operations of the labora-
tory and who may, in exercising such au-
thorities, request administrative support 
from science and technology reinvention lab-
oratories to review, research, and adjudicate 
personnel demonstration project proposals). 
‘‘(4) The employees of a laboratory covered 
by a personnel demonstration project carried 
out under this section shall be exempt from, 
and may not be counted for the purposes of, 
any constraint or limitation in a statute or 
regulation in terms of supervisory ratios or 
maximum number of employees in any spe-
cific category or categories of employment 
that may otherwise be applicable to the em-
ployees. The employees shall be managed by 
the director of the laboratory subject to the 
supervision of the Under Secretary of De-
fense for Research and Engineering. 
‘‘(5) The limitations in section 5373 of title 
5 do not apply to the authority of the Sec-
retary under this subsection to prescribe sal-
ary schedules and other related benefits. 
‘‘(b) DESIGNATION OF LABORATORIES.—Each 
of the following is hereby designated as a De-
partment of Defense science and technology 
reinvention laboratory as described in sub-
section (a): 
‘‘(1) The Air Force Research Laboratory. 
‘‘(2) The Joint Warfare Analysis Center. 
‘‘(3) The Army Research Institute for the 
Behavioral and Social Sciences. 
‘‘(4) The Combat Capabilities Development 
Command Armaments Center. 
‘‘(5) The Combat Capabilities Development 
Command Army Research Laboratory. 
‘‘(6) The Combat Capabilities Development 
Command Aviation and Missile Center. 
‘‘(7) The Combat Capabilities Development 
Command Chemical Biological Center. 
‘‘(8) The Combat Capabilities Development 
Command Command, Control, Communica-
tions, Computers, Cyber, Intelligence, Sur-
veillance, and Reconnaissance Center. 
‘‘(9) The Combat Capabilities Development 
Command Ground Vehicle Systems Center. 
‘‘(10) The Combat Capabilities Develop-
ment Command Soldier Center. 
‘‘(11) The Engineer Research and Develop-
ment Center. 
‘‘(12) The Medical Research and Develop-
ment Command. 
‘‘(13) The Technical Center, US Army 
Space and Missile Defense Command. 
‘‘(14) The Naval Air Systems Command 
Warfare Centers. 
‘‘(15) The Naval Facilities Engineering 
Command Engineering and Expeditionary 
Warfare Center. 
‘‘(16) The Naval Information Warfare Cen-
ters, Atlantic and Pacific. 
‘‘(17) The Naval Medical Research Center. 
‘‘(18) The Naval Research Laboratory. 
‘‘(19) The Naval Sea Systems Command 
Warfare Centers. 
‘‘(20) The Office of Naval Research. 
‘‘(c) CONVERSION
PROCEDURES.—The Sec-
retary of Defense shall implement proce-
dures to convert the civilian personnel of 
each Department of Defense science and 
technology reinvention laboratory, as so des-
ignated by subsection (b), to the personnel 
system under an appropriate demonstration 
project (as referred to in subsection (a)). Any 
conversion under this subsection— 
‘‘(1) shall not adversely affect any em-
ployee with respect to pay or any other term 
or condition of employment; 
‘‘(2) shall be consistent with section 4703(f) 
of title 5; 
‘‘(3) shall be completed within 18 months 
after designation; and 
‘‘(4) shall not apply to prevailing rate em-
ployees (as defined by section 5342(a)(2) of 
title 5) or senior executives (as defined by 
section 3132(a)(3) of such title). 
‘‘(d) LIMITATION.—The science and tech-
nology reinvention laboratories, as so des-
ignated by subsection (a), may not imple-
ment any personnel system, other than a 
personnel system under an appropriate dem-
onstration project (as referred to subsection 
(a)), without prior congressional authoriza-
tion.’’. 
(b) CLERICAL
AMENDMENT.—The table of 
sections at the beginning of chapter 305 of 
such title, as added by section 1843 of the 
William M. (Mac) Thornberry National De-
fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2021 
(Public Law 116–283), is amended by inserting 
before the item relating to section 4111 the 
following new item: 
‘‘4110. Science and technology reinvention 
laboratories: authority and des-
ignation.’’. 
(c) CONFORMING REPEALS.—(1) Section 1105 
of the National Defense Authorization Act 
For Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 10 
U.S.C. 2358 note) is hereby repealed. 
(2) Section 342(b) of the National Defense 
Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1995 (Pub-
lic Law 103–337; 10 U.S.C. 2358 note) is hereby 
repealed. 
(d) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS.—(1) Section 
1601(f) of the National Defense Authorization 
Act for Fiscal Year 2004 (Public Law 108–136; 
10 U.S.C. 2358 note) is amended by striking 
‘‘section 342 of the National Defense Author-
ization Act for Fiscal Year 1995 (Public Law 
103–337; 108 Stat. 2721)’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-
tion 4110(a) of title 10, United States Code’’. 
(2) Section 1107 of the National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public 
Law 110–181; 10 U.S.C. 2358 note) is amended— 
(A) by amending subsection (a) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(e) REQUIREMENT.—The Secretary of De-
fense shall take all necessary actions to fully 
implement and use the authorities provided 
to the Secretary under subsection (a) of sec-
tion 4110 of title 10, United States Code, to 
carry out personnel management demonstra-
tion projects at Department of Defense lab-
oratories designated by subsection (b) of 
such section as Department of Defense 
science and technology reinvention labora-
tories.’’; 
(B) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘des-
ignated by section 1105(a) of the National De-
fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 
(Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 2486)’’ and in-
serting ‘‘designated by section 4110(b) of title 
10, United States Code’’; and 
(C) in subsection (e)(3), by striking ‘‘sec-
tion 342(b) of the National Defense Author-
ization Act for Fiscal Year 1995 (as cited in 
subsection 
(a))’’ 
and 
inserting 
‘‘section 
4110(a) of title 10, United States Code’’. 
(3) Section 1109(c) of the National Defense 
Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Pub-
lic Law 114–92; 10 U.S.C. 2358 note) is amend-
ed by striking ‘‘specified in section 1105(a) of 
the National Defense Authorization Act for 
Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 
2486; 10 U.S.C. 2358 note)’’ and inserting ‘‘des-
ignated under section 4110(b) of title 10, 
United States Code’’. 
(4) Section 2803(a)(1) of the National De-
fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 
(Public Law 114–92; 10 U.S.C. 2358 note) is 
amended by striking ‘‘(as designated by sec-
tion 1105(a) of the National Defense Author-
ization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 
111–84; 10 U.S.C. 2358 note)’’ and inserting 
‘‘(as designated under section 4110(b) of title 
10, United States Code)’’. 
(5) Section 1108(b) of the Duncan Hunter 
National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-
cal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 10 U.S.C. 
1580 note prec.) is amended by striking ‘‘sec-
tion 1105(a) of the National Defense Author-
ization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 
111–84; 123 Stat. 2486; 10 U.S.C. 2358 note)’’ 
and inserting ‘‘section 4110(b) of title 10, 
United States Code’’. 
(6) Section 211(g) of the National Defense 
Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Pub-
lic Law 114–328; 10 U.S.C. 2358 note) is amend-
ed by striking ‘‘under section 1105 of the Na-
tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal 
Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 10 U.S.C. 2358 
note), as amended’’ and inserting ‘‘under sec-
tion 4110(b) of title 10, United States Code’’. 
(7) Section 233(a)(2)(A) of the National De-
fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 
(Public Law 114–328; 10 U.S.C. 2358 note) is 
amended by striking ‘‘as specified in section 
1105(a) of the National Defense Authorization 
Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (10 U.S.C. 2358 note)’’ 
and inserting ‘‘as designated under section 
4110(b) of title 10, United States Code’’. 
(8) Section 223(d)(3)(B) of the National De-
fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2020 
(Public Law 116–92; 10 U.S.C. 2358 note) is 
amended by striking ‘‘under section 1105 of 
the National Defense Authorization Act for 
Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 10 U.S.C. 
2358 note)’’ and inserting ‘‘under section 
4110(b) of title 10, United States Code’’. 
(9) Section 252(e)(1) of the National Defense 
Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2020 (Pub-
lic Law 116–92; 10 U.S.C. 2358 note) is amend-
ed by striking ‘‘under section 1105 of the Na-
tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal 
Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 10 U.S.C. 2358 
note)’’ and inserting ‘‘under section 4110(b) of 
title 10, United States Code’’. 
(10) Section 255(b)(5)(A) of the National De-
fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2020 
(Public Law 116–92; 10 U.S.C. 223a note) is 
amended by striking ‘‘(as designated under 
section 1105 of the National Defense Author-
ization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 
111–84; 10 U.S.C. 2358 note))’’ and inserting 
‘‘(as designated under section 4110(b) of title 
10, United States Code)’’. 
(11) Section 249 of the William M. (Mac) 
Thornberry National Defense Authorization 
Act for Fiscal Year 2021 (Public Law 116–283) 
is amended— 
(A) in subsection (e)(1)— 
(i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘under 
section 2358a of title 10, United States Code’’ 
and inserting ‘‘under section 4110(b) of title 
10, United States Code’’; 
(ii) by striking subparagraph (B); and 
(iii) by redesignating subparagraph (C) as 
subparagraph (B); and 
(B) in subsection (g)(1)(B) by striking 
‘‘under section 1105 of the National Defense 
Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Pub-
lic Law 111–84; 10 U.S.C. 2358 note)’’ and in-
serting ‘‘under section 4111 of title 10, United 
States Code’’. 
(12) Section 2368(h)(3) of title 10, United 
States Code, as redesignated by section 
1844(b)(1) of the William M. (Mac) Thorn-
berry National Defense Authorization Act 
for Fiscal Year 2021 (Public Law 116–283), is 
amended by striking ‘‘designated under sec-
tion 1105 of the National Defense Authoriza-
tion Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 
111–84; 10 U.S.C. 2358 note)’’ and inserting 
‘‘designated under section 4110(b) of this 
title’’. 
(13) Section 4111 of title 10, United States 
Code, as redesignated by section 1843(b)(2) of 
the William M. (Mac) Thornberry National 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00016
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 27-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8559 
November 19, 2021 
Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 
2021 (Public Law 116–283), is amended— 
(A) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘des-
ignated by section 1105(a) of the National De-
fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 
(Public Law 111–84; 10 U.S.C. 2358 note)’’ both 
places it appears and inserting ‘‘designated 
by section 4110(b) of this title’’; and 
(B) in subsection (d)(2), by striking ‘‘pursu-
ant to section 342(b) of the National Defense 
Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1995 (Pub-
lic Law 103–337; 10 U.S.C. 2358 note)’’ both 
places it appears and inserting ‘‘pursuant to 
section 4110(a) of this title’’. 
(14) Section 4112(f) of title 10, United States 
Code, as redesignated by section 1843(b)(2) of 
the William M. (Mac) Thornberry National 
Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 
2021 (Public Law 116–283), as amended by sub-
section (e)(1) of this section, is amended by 
striking ‘‘by section 1105(a) of the National 
Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 
2010 (10 U.S.C. 2358 note)’’ and inserting ‘‘by 
section 4110(b) of this title’’. 
(e) TECHNICAL
CORRECTIONS.—(1) Section 
1843(b)(2) of the William M. (Mac) Thorn-
berry National Defense Authorization Act 
for Fiscal Year 2021 (Public Law 116–283) is 
amended— 
(A) by inserting ‘‘, 2358c,’’ after ‘‘Sections 
2358a’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘and 4112’’ and inserting ‘‘, 
4112, and 4113’’, respectively. 
(2) The table of sections at the beginning of 
chapter 305 of title 10, United States Code, as 
added by section 1843(a) of such Act, is 
amended by striking the item relating to 
section 4112 and inserting the following new 
items: 
‘‘4112. Enhanced pay authority for certain re-
search and technology positions 
in science and technology re-
invention laboratories. 
‘‘4113. Research and development labora-
tories: contracts for services of 
university students.’’. 
(f) EFFECTIVE DATES.— 
(1) IN
GENERAL.—Except as provided in 
paragraph (2), this section and the amend-
ments made by this section shall take effect 
immediately after title XVIII of the William 
M. (Mac) Thornberry National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2021 (Public 
Law 116–283) and the amendments made by 
such title take effect pursuant to section 
1801(d)(1) of such Act. 
(2) EFFECTIVE DATE OF CERTAIN TECHNICAL 
CORRECTION.—Subsection (e)(1) shall take ef-
fect on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 233. CODIFICATION OF REQUIREMENT FOR 
DEFENSE ESTABLISHED PROGRAM 
TO STIMULATE COMPETITIVE RE-
SEARCH. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Chapter 301 of title 10, 
United States Code, as added by section 1841 
of the William M. (Mac) Thornberry National 
Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 
2021 (Public Law 116–283), is amended by in-
serting after section 4009 the following new 
section: 
‘‘§ 4011. Defense Established Program to Stim-
ulate Competitive Research 
‘‘(a) PROGRAM REQUIRED.—The Secretary of 
Defense, acting through the Under Secretary 
of Defense for Research and Engineering, 
shall carry out a Defense Established Pro-
gram to Stimulate Competitive Research 
(DEPSCoR) as part of the university re-
search programs of the Department of De-
fense. 
‘‘(b) PROGRAM OBJECTIVES.—The objectives 
of the program are as follows: 
‘‘(1) To increase the number of university 
researchers in eligible States capable of per-
forming science and engineering research re-
sponsive to the needs of the Department of 
Defense. 
‘‘(2) To enhance the capabilities of institu-
tions of higher education in eligible States 
to develop, plan, and execute science and en-
gineering research that is relevant to the 
mission of the Department of Defense and 
competitive under the peer-review systems 
used for awarding Federal research assist-
ance. 
‘‘(3) To increase the probability of long- 
term growth in the competitively awarded fi-
nancial assistance that institutions of higher 
education in eligible States receive from the 
Federal Government for science and engi-
neering research. 
‘‘(c) PROGRAM
ACTIVITIES.—In order to 
achieve the program objectives, the fol-
lowing activities are authorized under the 
program: 
‘‘(1) Competitive award of grants for re-
search and instrumentation to support such 
research. 
‘‘(2) Competitive award of financial assist-
ance for graduate students. 
‘‘(3) To provide assistance to science and 
engineering researchers at institutions of 
higher education in eligible States through 
collaboration between Department of De-
fense laboratories and such researchers. 
‘‘(4) Any other activities that are deter-
mined necessary to further the achievement 
of the objectives of the program. 
‘‘(d) ELIGIBLE STATES.—(1) The Under Sec-
retary of Defense for Research and Engineer-
ing shall designate which States are eligible 
States for the purposes of this section. 
‘‘(2) The Under Secretary shall designate a 
State as an eligible State if, as determined 
by the Under Secretary— 
‘‘(A) the average annual amount of all De-
partment of Defense obligations for science 
and engineering research and development 
that were in effect with institutions of high-
er education in the State for the three fiscal 
years preceding the fiscal year for which the 
designation is effective or for the last three 
fiscal years for which statistics are available 
is less than the amount determined by mul-
tiplying 60 percent times the amount equal 
to 1/50 of the total average annual amount of 
all Department of Defense obligations for 
science and engineering research and devel-
opment that were in effect with institutions 
of higher education in the United States for 
such three preceding or last fiscal years, as 
the case may be; and 
‘‘(B) the State has demonstrated a commit-
ment to developing research bases in the 
State and to improving science and engineer-
ing research and education programs in 
areas relevant to the mission of the Depart-
ment of Defense at institutions of higher 
education in the State. 
‘‘(3) The Under Secretary shall not remove 
a designation of a State under paragraph (2) 
because the State exceeds the funding levels 
specified under subparagraph (A) of such 
paragraph unless the State has exceeded 
such funding levels for at least two consecu-
tive years. 
‘‘(e) COORDINATION WITH SIMILAR FEDERAL 
PROGRAMS.—(1) The Secretary may consult 
with the Director of the National Science 
Foundation and the Director of the Office of 
Science and Technology Policy in the plan-
ning, development, and execution of the pro-
gram and may coordinate the program with 
the Established Program to Stimulate Com-
petitive Research conducted by the National 
Science Foundation and with similar pro-
grams sponsored by other departments and 
agencies of the Federal Government. 
‘‘(2) All solicitations under the Defense Es-
tablished Program to Stimulate Competitive 
Research may be made to, and all awards 
may be made through, the State committees 
established for purposes of the Established 
Program to Stimulate Competitive Research 
conducted by the National Science Founda-
tion. 
‘‘(3) A State committee referred to in para-
graph (2) shall ensure that activities carried 
out in the State of that committee under the 
Defense Established Program to Stimulate 
Competitive Research are relevant to the 
mission of the Department of Defense and 
coordinated with the activities carried out in 
the State under other similar initiatives of 
the Federal Government to stimulate com-
petitive research. 
‘‘(f) STATE DEFINED.—In this section, the 
term ‘State’ means a State of the United 
States, the District of Columbia, the Com-
monwealth of Puerto Rico, Guam, the Virgin 
Islands, American Samoa, and the Common-
wealth of the Northern Mariana Islands.’’. 
(b) CLERICAL
AMENDMENT.—The table of 
sections at the beginning of chapter 301 of 
such title, as added by section 1841 of the 
William M. (Mac) Thornberry National De-
fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2021 
(Public Law 116–283), is amended by inserting 
after the item relating to section 4009 the 
following new item: 
‘‘4011. Defense Established Program to Stim-
ulate Competitive Research.’’. 
(c) CONFORMING REPEALS.—(1) Section 307 
of title I of the 1997 Emergency Supple-
mental Appropriations Act for Recovery 
from Natural Disasters, and for Overseas 
Peacekeeping Efforts, Including Those in 
Bosnia (Public Law 105–18; 10 U.S.C. 2358 
note) 
(2) Section 257 of title II of division A of 
the National Defense Authorization Act for 
Fiscal Year 1995 (Public Law 103–337; 10 
U.S.C. 2358 note) 
(d) EFFECTIVE DATE.—This section and the 
amendments made by this section shall take 
effect immediately after title XVIII of the 
William M. (Mac) Thornberry National De-
fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2021 
(Public Law 116–283) and the amendments 
made by such title take effect pursuant to 
section 1801(d)(1) of such Act. 
SEC. 234. TECHNICAL CORRECTION TO PILOT 
PROGRAM FOR ENHANCEMENT OF 
RESEARCH, 
DEVELOPMENT, 
TEST, 
AND EVALUATION CENTERS OF DE-
PARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
Section 233(c)(2)(B) of the National Defense 
Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Pub-
lic Law 114–328; 10 U.S.C. 2358 note) is amend-
ed by striking ‘‘Chief Management Officer’’ 
and inserting ‘‘Deputy Secretary of Defense 
or a designee of the Deputy Secretary’’. 
Subtitle D—Plans, Reports, and Other 
Matters 
SEC. 241. STUDY ON EFFICIENT USE OF DEPART-
MENT OF DEFENSE TEST AND EVAL-
UATION 
ORGANIZATIONS, 
FACILI-
TIES, AND LABORATORIES. 
(a) STUDY REQUIRED.— 
(1) IN
GENERAL.—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
the Secretary of Defense shall direct the De-
fense Science Board to carry out a study on 
the resources and capabilities of the Depart-
ment of Defense test and evaluation (T&E) 
organizations, facilities, and laboratories. 
(2) PARTICIPATION.—Participants in the 
study shall include the following: 
(A) Such members of the Board as the 
Chairman of the Board considers appropriate 
for the study. 
(B) Such additional temporary members or 
contracted support as the Secretary— 
(i) selects from those recommended by the 
Chairman for purposes of the study; and 
(ii) considers to have significant technical, 
policy, or military expertise relevant to de-
fense test and evaluation missions. 
(3) ELEMENTS.—The study conducted pursu-
ant to paragraph (1) shall include the fol-
lowing: 
(A) Assessment of the effectiveness of cur-
rent developmental testing (DT), operational 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00017
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 28-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8560 
November 19, 2021 
testing (OT), and integrated testing (IT) 
within the Department of Defense in meeting 
statutory objectives and the test and evalua-
tion requirements of the Adaptive Acquisi-
tion Framework. 
(B) Identification of industry and govern-
ment best practices for conducting develop-
mental testing, operational testing, and in-
tegrated testing. 
(C) Potential applicability of industry and 
government best practices for conducting de-
velopmental testing, operational testing, and 
integrated testing within the Department to 
improve test and evaluation outcomes. 
(D) Identification of duplication of efforts 
and other non- or low-value added activities 
that reduce speed and effectiveness of test 
and evaluation activities. 
(E) Assessment of test and evaluation over-
sight organizations within the Office of the 
Secretary of Defense, including their au-
thorities, 
responsibilities, 
activities, 
re-
sources, and effectiveness, including with re-
spect to acquisition programs of the military 
services and Defense Agencies. 
(F) Development and assessment of poten-
tial courses of action to improve the effec-
tiveness of oversight of developmental test-
ing, operational testing, and integrated test-
ing activities, and test and evaluation re-
sources within the Office of the Secretary of 
Defense, including as one such course of ac-
tion establishing a single integrated office 
with such responsibilities. 
(G) Development of such recommendations 
as the Board may have for legislative 
changes, authorities, organizational realign-
ments, and administrative actions to im-
prove test and evaluation oversight and ca-
pabilities, and facilitate better test and eval-
uation outcomes. 
(H) Such other matters as the Secretary 
considers appropriate. 
(4) ACCESS TO INFORMATION.—The Secretary 
shall provide the Board with timely access to 
appropriate information, data, resources, 
and analysis so that the Board may conduct 
a thorough and independent analysis as re-
quired under this subsection. 
(5) REPORT.—(A) Not later than one year 
after the date on which the Secretary directs 
the Board to conduct the study pursuant to 
paragraph (1), or December 1, 2022, whichever 
occurs earlier, the Board shall transmit to 
the Secretary a final report on the study. 
(B) Not later than 30 days after the date on 
which the Secretary receives the final report 
under subparagraph (A), or December 31, 
2022, whichever occurs earlier, the Secretary 
shall submit to the congressional defense 
committees such report and such comments 
as the Secretary considers appropriate. 
(b) BRIEFING REQUIRED.—Not later than 90 
days after the date of the enactment of this 
Act, the Secretary of Defense shall provide 
the congressional defense committees a 
briefing on the schedule and plan to execute 
activities under this section. 
SEC. 242. ANALYSIS OF POTENTIAL MODIFICA-
TIONS 
TO 
DEPARTMENT 
OF 
DE-
FENSE UNMANNED AERIAL SYSTEMS 
CATEGORIZATION. 
(a) ANALYSIS REQUIRED.—The Under Sec-
retary 
of 
Defense 
for 
Acquisition 
and 
Sustainment shall conduct an analysis to de-
termine whether modifications should be 
made in the Department of Defense grouping 
of unmanned aerial systems (UAS) into five 
broad categories. 
(b) CONSIDERATIONS.—In assessing under 
subsection (a) whether to make modifica-
tions to any of the five existing unmanned 
aerial systems groups, or expand the number 
of groups, the Under Secretary shall con-
sider— 
(1) constraints the current categorization 
places on the ability to achieve future capa-
bility to support current and emerging 
warfighting concepts; 
(2) barriers arising from differences be-
tween the current categorization and the 
systems and technologies available in the 
commercial marketplace; and 
(3) effects of different category definitions 
on schedules for fielding of new unmanned 
aerial systems technologies. 
(c) CONSULTATION.—In carrying out sub-
section (a), the Under Secretary shall con-
sult with— 
(1) the Secretaries of the military depart-
ments; 
(2) the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of 
Staff; and 
(3) the Secretary of State. 
(d) REPORT.—Not later than March 1, 2022, 
the Under Secretary shall submit to the con-
gressional defense committees a report de-
tailing the costs and benefits of potential 
modifications to the existing unmanned aer-
ial systems categorization analyzed pursuant 
to subsection (a), and a notional schedule for 
implementation modifications the Under 
Secretary would recommend based on the 
findings of the Under Secretary with respect 
to such analysis. 
SEC. 243. DIGITAL DEVELOPMENT INFRASTRUC-
TURE PLAN AND WORKING GROUP. 
(a) PLAN REQUIRED.—Not later than one 
year after the date of the enactment of this 
Act, the Secretary of Defense shall, acting 
through the working group established under 
subsection (c)(1), develop a plan for the cre-
ation of a modern digital development infra-
structure that supports state of the art tools 
and modern processes to enable develop-
ment, testing, fielding, and continuous up-
date of artificial intelligence-powered appli-
cations at speed and scale from headquarters 
to the tactical edge. 
(b) CONTENTS OF PLAN.—At a minimum, the 
plan required by subsection (a) shall include 
the following: 
(1) An open architecture, an evolving ref-
erence design, and guidance for necessary 
technical investments in the digital develop-
ment infrastructure described in subsection 
(a) that address issues, including issues re-
lating to common interfaces, authentication, 
applications, platforms, software, hardware, 
and data infrastructure. 
(2) A governance structure, together with 
associated policies and guidance, to drive the 
implementation of the reference design re-
quired by paragraph (1) throughout the De-
partment on a federated basis. 
(3) Identification and minimum viable 
instantiations of prototypical development 
and platform environments with the digital 
development infrastructure, including enter-
prise data sets assembled under subsection 
(d). 
(c) WORKING GROUP.— 
(1) ESTABLISHMENT.—Not later than 60 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
the Secretary shall establish a working 
group on digital development infrastructure 
implementation to accelerate efforts aligned 
with the plan required by subsection (a). 
(2) MEMBERSHIP.—The working group es-
tablished under paragraph (1) shall be com-
posed of individuals selected by the Sec-
retary to represent each of the following: 
(A) The Office of Chief Data Officer (CDO). 
(B) The Component Offices of Chief Infor-
mation Officer and Chief Digital Officer. 
(C) The Joint Artificial Intelligence Center 
(JAIC). 
(D) The Office of the Under Secretary of 
Defense for Research & Engineering (OUSD 
(R&E)). 
(E) The Office of the Under Secretary of 
Defense 
for 
Acquisition 
& 
Sustainment 
(OUSD (A&S)). 
(F) The Office of the Under Secretary of 
Defense for Intelligence & Security (OUSD 
(I&S)). 
(G) Service Acquisition Executives. 
(H) The Office of the Director of Oper-
ational Test and Evaluation (DOT&E). 
(I) The office of the Director of the Defense 
Advanced 
Research 
Projects 
Agency 
(DARPA). 
(J) Digital development infrastructure pro-
grams, including the appropriate activities 
of the military services and defense agencies. 
(K) Such other officials of the Department 
of Defense as the Chief Information Officer 
of the Department of Defense determines ap-
propriate. 
(3) CHAIRPERSON.—The chairperson of the 
working group established under paragraph 
(1) shall be the Chief Information Officer of 
the Department, or such other official as the 
Secretary of Defense considers appropriate. 
(4) 
CONSULTATION.—The 
working 
group 
shall consult with such experts outside of 
the Department as the working group con-
siders necessary. 
(5) RESPONSIBILITIES.—The working group 
established under paragraph (1) shall be de-
velop the plan required by subsection (a). 
(d) STRATEGIC DATA NODE.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—In addition to other duties 
pursuant to his or her role in the working 
group outlined in paragraph (c), the Sec-
retary of Defense shall assemble enterprise 
data sets in the following areas: 
(A) Human resources. 
(B) Budget and finance. 
(C) Acquisition. 
(D) Logistics. 
(E) Real estate. 
(F) Health care. 
(G) Such other areas as the Secretary con-
siders appropriate. 
(2) REQUIREMENT.—The Secretary shall as-
semble the enterprise data sets required by 
paragraph (1) as a linked, cloud-based data 
repository adherent to data service inter-
faces defined in the open architecture re-
quired under subsection (b)(1). 
(3) SUPPORT.—In carrying out this sub-
section, the Secretary shall support the use 
of artificial intelligence-enabled applications 
for social science analysis, business ana-
lytics, and senior leader decision support. 
(e) REPORT.—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the 
Secretary shall submit to the congressional 
defense committees a report on— 
(1) the status of the plan required by sub-
section (a); and 
(2) the progress in carrying out subsection 
(d). 
(f) DEFINITIONS.—In this section: 
(1) The term ‘‘digital development infra-
structure’’ means a federated, enterprise 
technology infrastructure that enables the 
following: 
(A) Access to commercial cloud tech-
nologies and services for scalable computing. 
(B) Sharing of data, software, and capabili-
ties through well-documented and hardened 
application programming interfaces with 
proper access controls. 
(C) Giving all Department of Defense de-
velopers, scientists, and other appropriate 
personnel access and resources they need to 
drive new digital capabilities. 
(2) The term ‘‘digital development infra-
structure programs’’ means the collection of 
managed services for platforms, cloud infra-
structure, and software development that 
have developed across the Department. 
SEC. 244. OPTIONALLY MANNED FIGHTING VEHI-
CLE REQUIREMENTS ANALYSIS. 
(a) REPORT REQUIRED.— 
(1) IN
GENERAL.—The Secretary of the 
Army shall submit to the congressional de-
fense committees a report of analysis sup-
porting the determination of requirements 
or characteristics for the Optionally Manned 
Fighting Vehicle (OMFV) refined through 
the concept designs and detailed designs 
phases of the acquisition strategy. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00018
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 29-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8561 
November 19, 2021 
(2) ELEMENTS
REQUIRED.—The report re-
quired by paragraph (1) shall include the fol-
lowing: 
(A) A detailed description of the Optionally 
Manned Fighting Vehicle requirements or 
characteristics to be utilized for the physical 
prototyping phase of the program. 
(B) A description of the analysis conducted 
to finalize the requirements or characteris-
tics to be utilized for physical prototyping of 
the Optionally Manned Fighting Vehicle. 
(C) A description of Optionally Manned 
Fighting Vehicle-equipped organizational de-
signs analyzed through the concept design or 
detailed design phases. 
(D) A detailed description of the analysis 
conducted, trade-offs considered, and conclu-
sions drawn with respect to the organiza-
tional design, survivability, mobility, pay-
load, and combat effectiveness in execution 
of the critical operational tasks required of 
fighting-vehicle-equipped infantry within an 
armor brigade combat teams. 
(E) A comparison of the combat effective-
ness and survivability of Optionally Manned 
Fighting 
Vehicle-equipped 
and 
Bradley 
Fighting Vehicle-equipped formations. 
(b) BRIEFING REQUIRED.—The Secretary of 
the Army shall provide a briefing to the con-
gressional defense committees on the ele-
ments of the report required under sub-
section (a) 30 days prior to its submission to 
the congressional defense committees. 
(c) LIMITATION.—The Secretary of the 
Army shall not enter into contract for the 
development of physical prototypes of the 
Optionally Manned Fighting Vehicle or oth-
erwise named next-generation infantry fight-
ing vehicle until 30 days after the Secretary 
submits to the congressional defense com-
mittees the report required under subsection 
(a). 
SEC. 245. MAKING PERMANENT REQUIREMENT 
FOR ANNUAL REPORT BY DIRECTOR 
OF OPERATIONAL TEST AND EVAL-
UATION. 
Section 139(h)(2) of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘, through Jan-
uary 31, 2026’’. 
TITLE III—OPERATION AND 
MAINTENANCE 
Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations 
SEC. 301. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated for fiscal year 2022 for the use of the 
Armed Forces and other activities and agen-
cies of the Department of Defense for ex-
penses, not otherwise provided for, for oper-
ation and maintenance, as specified in the 
funding table in section 4301. 
Subtitle B—Energy and Environment 
SEC. 311. EXPANSION OF PURPOSES OF SENTINEL 
LANDSCAPES 
PARTNERSHIP 
PRO-
GRAM TO INCLUDE RESILIENCE. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Section 317 of the Na-
tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal 
Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91; 10 U.S.C. 2684a 
note) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), in the first sentence, 
by inserting ‘‘and restore’’ after ‘‘to pre-
serve’’; 
(2) in subsection (c)— 
(A) by striking ‘‘The Secretaries’’ and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—The Secretaries’’; 
(B) in paragraph (1), as designated by sub-
paragraph (A)— 
(i) by inserting ‘‘resilience,’’ after ‘‘benefit 
of conservation,’’; and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘, resilience,’’ after ‘‘land 
management’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(2) INCLUSION OF INFORMATION IN REPORT.— 
The Secretary of Defense shall include infor-
mation concerning the activities undertaken 
pursuant to the Sentinel Landscapes Part-
nership in the annual report to Congress sub-
mitted under section 2684a(g) of title 10, 
United States Code.’’; 
(3) in subsection (d), in the second sen-
tence, by inserting ‘‘by an eligible landowner 
or agricultural producer’’ after ‘‘Participa-
tion’’; 
(4) by redesignating subsection (e) as sub-
section (f); 
(5) by inserting after subsection (d) the fol-
lowing new subsection (e): 
‘‘(e) PARTICIPATION BY OTHER AGENCIES.— 
Other Federal agencies with programs ad-
dressing conservation or resilience may, and 
are encouraged to— 
‘‘(1) participate in the activities of the 
Sentinel Landscape Partnership; and 
‘‘(2) become full partners in the Sentinel 
Landscape Partnership.’’; and 
(6) in subsection (f), as redesignated by 
paragraph (4), by adding at the end the fol-
lowing new paragraph: 
‘‘(4) 
RESILIENCE.—The 
term 
‘resilience’ 
means the capability to avoid, prepare for, 
minimize the effect of, adapt to, and recover 
from extreme weather events, flooding, wild-
fire, or other anticipated or unanticipated 
changes in environmental conditions.’’. 
(b) CONSERVATION
AND CULTURAL ACTIVI-
TIES.—Section 2694 of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)— 
(A) in paragraph (1)— 
(i) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘or in-
volves a sentinel landscape’’ before the semi-
colon; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (B), by inserting ‘‘or 
that would contribute to maintaining or im-
proving military installation resilience’’ be-
fore the semicolon; and 
(B) in paragraph (2)— 
(i) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘or 
nature-based climate resilience plans’’ before 
the semicolon; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (F)— 
(I) in clause (i)— 
(aa) by striking ‘‘single ecosystem that en-
compasses’’ 
and 
inserting 
‘‘single 
eco-
system— 
‘‘(I) that encompasses’’; 
(bb) by redesignating clause (ii) as sub-
clause (II) and moving such subclause, as so 
redesignated, two ems to the right; and 
(cc) in subclause (II), as redesignated by 
item (bb), by striking the period at the end 
and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(II) by adding at the end the following new 
clause (ii): 
‘‘(ii) for one or more ecosystems within a 
sentinel landscape.’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
subsection: 
‘‘(e) SENTINEL
LANDSCAPE
DEFINED.—In 
this section, the term ‘sentinel landscape’ 
has the meaning given that term in section 
317(e) of the National Defense Authorization 
Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91; 
10 U.S.C. 2684a note).’’. 
SEC. 312. MAINTENANCE OF CURRENT ANALYT-
ICAL TOOLS IN EVALUATING EN-
ERGY RESILIENCE MEASURES. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Section 2911 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at 
the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(i) ASSESSMENT OF LIFE-CYCLE COSTS AND 
PERFORMANCE OF POTENTIAL ENERGY RESIL-
IENCE PROJECTS.—(1) Subject to the avail-
ability of appropriations, the Secretary of 
Defense shall develop and institute a process 
to ensure that the Department of Defense, 
when evaluating energy resilience measures, 
uses analytical tools that are accurate and 
effective in projecting the costs and perform-
ance of such measures. 
‘‘(2) Analytical tools used under paragraph 
(1) shall be— 
‘‘(A) designed to— 
‘‘(i) provide an accurate projection of the 
costs and performance of the energy resil-
ience measure being analyzed; 
‘‘(ii) be used without specialized training; 
and 
‘‘(iii) produce resulting data that is under-
standable and usable by the typical source 
selection official; 
‘‘(B) consistent with standards and analyt-
ical tools commonly applied by the Depart-
ment of Energy and by commercial industry; 
‘‘(C) adaptable to accommodate a rapidly 
changing technological environment; 
‘‘(D) peer reviewed for quality and preci-
sion and measured against the highest level 
of development for such tools; and 
‘‘(E) periodically reviewed and updated, 
but not less frequently than once every three 
years.’’. 
(b) REPORTING REQUIREMENT.—If amounts 
are appropriated to carry out the require-
ments under subsection (i) of section 2911 of 
title 10, United States Code, as added by sub-
section (a), not later than September 30, 2022, 
the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the 
Committees on Armed Services of the Senate 
and the House of Representatives a report on 
the execution by the Secretary of such re-
quirements. 
SEC. 313. MILITARY AVIATION AND INSTALLA-
TION ASSURANCE CLEARINGHOUSE 
MATTERS. 
(a) STRATEGY TO TEST AND INTEGRATE WIND 
TURBINE INTERFERENCE MITIGATION STRATE-
GIES.—The Secretary of Defense and the Sec-
retary of the Air Force, in coordination with 
the Commander of United States Northern 
Command and the Commander of North 
American 
Aerospace 
Defense 
Command, 
shall develop a strategy to test and integrate 
wind turbine interference mitigation tech-
nologies into radars and the air surveillance 
command and control architecture of the De-
partment of Defense. 
(b) MODIFICATION
OF CLEARINGHOUSE RE-
QUIREMENTS.—Section 183a(c) of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (2), by adding at the end 
the following new subparagraph: 
‘‘(C) A notice of presumed risk issued 
under subparagraph (A) is a preliminary as-
sessment only and does not represent a for-
mal objection pursuant to subsection (e). 
Discussions of possible mitigation actions 
under such subparagraph could favorably re-
solve any concerns identified in the notice of 
presumed risk.’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(8) If, in reviewing an application for an 
energy project pursuant to paragraph (1), the 
Clearinghouse finds no obstruction, inter-
ference, or adverse impact under section 
44718(b)(1) of title 49, the Clearinghouse shall 
communicate to the Secretary of Transpor-
tation in writing, not later than five busi-
ness days after making such finding, the fol-
lowing: ‘No Part 77 concerns, national secu-
rity review ongoing.’.’’. 
SEC. 314. EXEMPTION FROM PROHIBITION ON 
USE OF OPEN-AIR BURN PITS IN 
CONTINGENCY 
OPERATIONS 
OUT-
SIDE THE UNITED STATES. 
Section 317(a) of the National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public 
Law 111–84; 10 U.S.C. 2701 note) is amended 
by adding at the end the following new para-
graph: 
‘‘(3) EXEMPTION.— 
‘‘(A) IN
GENERAL.—The Secretary of De-
fense may exempt a location from the prohi-
bition under paragraph (1) if the Secretary 
determines it is in the paramount interest of 
the United States to do so. 
‘‘(B) NONDELEGATION.—The Secretary may 
not delegate the authority under subpara-
graph (A).’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00019
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 30-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8562 
November 19, 2021 
SEC. 315. DEMONSTRATION PROGRAM ON DO-
MESTIC 
PRODUCTION 
OF 
RARE 
EARTH ELEMENTS FROM COAL BY-
PRODUCTS. 
(a) DEMONSTRATION PROGRAM REQUIRED.— 
Not later than 120 days after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the Secretary of De-
fense shall commence carrying out a dem-
onstration program on recovering rare earth 
elements and critical minerals from acid 
mine drainage and other coal byproducts. 
(b) 
PARTNERSHIP.—The 
Secretary 
shall 
carry out the demonstration program re-
quired by subsection (b) by entering into a 
partnership with one or more institutions of 
higher education that can demonstrate tech-
niques for recovering rare earth elements 
and critical minerals from acid mine drain-
age and other coal byproducts, as the Sec-
retary considers applicable. 
(c) ELEMENTS.—The demonstration pro-
gram required by subsection (a) shall address 
the following: 
(1) The efficacy of separating rare earth 
elements and critical minerals from acid 
mine drainage. 
(2) The feasibility of bringing this tech-
nology to commercialized scale. 
(3) Domestic locations that are appropriate 
for the deployment of this technology. 
(4) The ability of this technology to meet 
the requirements of the defense industrial 
base to supplement the rare earth element 
and critical mineral needs of the Department 
of Defense. 
(d) DURATION.—The demonstration pro-
gram established under subsection (a) shall 
be carried out during the one-year period be-
ginning on the date of the commencement of 
the demonstration program. 
(e) AUTHORIZATION
OF
APPROPRIATIONS.— 
There is authorized to be appropriated to 
carry out the demonstration program re-
quired by subsection (a) $3,000,000. 
(f) BRIEFING.—Not later than 120 days after 
the completion of the demonstration pro-
gram required by subsection (a), the Sec-
retary and the program manager of the insti-
tute of higher education with whom the Sec-
retary partners under subsection (b) shall 
brief the Committee on Armed Services of 
the Senate and the Committee on Armed 
Services of the House of Representatives on 
the elements of the demonstration program 
set forth under subsection (c). 
SEC. 316. AUTHORITY TO TRANSFER AMOUNTS 
DERIVED FROM ENERGY COST SAV-
INGS. 
Section 2912 of title 10, United States Code, 
is amended by adding at the end the fol-
lowing new subsection: 
‘‘(e) TRANSFER OF AMOUNTS.—(1) The Sec-
retary of Defense may transfer amounts de-
scribed in subsection (a) that remain avail-
able for obligation to other funding accounts 
of the Department of Defense if the purpose 
for which such amounts will be used is a pur-
pose specified in subsection (b) or (c). 
‘‘(2) Amounts transferred to a funding ac-
count of the Department under paragraph (1) 
shall be available for obligation for the same 
period as amounts in that account.’’. 
SEC. 317. SENSE OF SENATE ON ENERGY INDE-
PENDENCE AND DIVERSIFICATION. 
It is the sense of the Senate that the 
United States should— 
(1) remain energy independent to enhance 
national security; and 
(2) adopt an all-of-the-above energy strat-
egy to diversify and mitigate the risk of be-
coming energy and materially dependent on 
vulnerable sources of energy and energy 
technology that may constrain the oper-
ations of the Armed Forces of the United 
States. 
Subtitle C—National Security Climate 
Resilience 
SEC. 331. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Na-
tional Security Climate Resilience Act’’. 
SEC. 332. DEFINITIONS. 
In this subtitle: 
(1) CLIMATE RESILIENCE.— The term ‘‘cli-
mate resilience’’ has the meaning given the 
term ‘‘energy and climate resiliency’’ in sec-
tion 2864(f)(3) of title 10, United States Code. 
(2) CLIMATE SECURITY.—The term ‘‘climate 
security’’ means the effects of extreme 
weather on the following: 
(A) The national security of the United 
States, including national security infra-
structure. 
(B) Subnational, national, and regional po-
litical stability. 
(C) The security of allies and partners of 
the United States. 
(D) Ongoing or potential political violence, 
including unrest, rioting, guerrilla warfare, 
insurgency, terrorism, rebellion, revolution, 
civil war, and interstate war. 
(3) EXTREME WEATHER.—The term ‘‘extreme 
weather’’ means recurrent flooding, drought, 
desertification, wildfires, thawing perma-
frost, or any other weather-related events 
that present a recurring annual threat to fa-
cilities and other infrastructure of the De-
partment of Defense or are likely to recur 
over a period of five to eight years. 
SEC. 333. CLIMATE RESILIENCE IN PLANNING, 
ENGAGEMENT STRATEGIES, INFRA-
STRUCTURE, AND FORCE DEVELOP-
MENT 
OF 
DEPARTMENT 
OF 
DE-
FENSE. 
(a) CLIMATE CHALLENGES AND CLIMATE RE-
SILIENCE IN KEY PROCESSES OF DEPARTMENT 
OF DEFENSE.—The Secretary of Defense shall 
direct that the acquisition, budget planning 
and execution, infrastructure planning and 
sustainment, force development, engagement 
strategy development, security assistance, 
and other core processes of the Department 
of Defense fully consider and make needed 
adjustments to account for current and 
emerging climate and environmental chal-
lenges and to ensure the climate resilience of 
assets and capabilities of the Department. 
(b) CLIMATE
RESILIENCE
MISSION
IMPACT 
ASSESSMENT.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary shall con-
duct a mission impact assessment on climate 
resilience for the Department in order to 
identify and assess the full spectrum of cli-
mate risks that currently or could impact 
the mission of the Department and the de-
gree to which the Department is resilient to 
such risks. 
(2) ELEMENTS.—The assessment conducted 
under paragraph (1) shall include the fol-
lowing: 
(A) An assessment of the impact of the lat-
est climate science scenarios, as indicated in 
the National Climate Assessment, on readi-
ness, training, testing, and operations for 
near-term operations and long-term, worst- 
case scenario climate projections for the De-
partment. 
(B) A comprehensive review, conducted 
pursuant to section 153 of title 10, United 
States Code, by the Chairman of the Joint 
Chiefs of Staff (in coordination with the Sec-
retaries of the military departments and the 
heads of the Defense Agencies), to deter-
mine— 
(i) security risks posed by extreme weather 
to operational and theater security plans 
and engagement with allies and partners of 
the United States; and 
(ii) the extent to which the program rec-
ommendations and budget proposals of the 
military departments and other components 
of the Department for each fiscal year fully 
account for the impacts of extreme weather 
and climate resilience requirements. 
(C) An assessment of the direct impacts of 
extreme weather on the deployment and op-
erations of the Armed Forces, and the man-
ner in which extreme weather will impact 
the requirements of the commanders of the 
combatant commands in their areas of re-
sponsibility, including— 
(i) assessment of the evolving posture of 
peer competitors and impacts to deployment 
and operations of peer competitors due to ex-
treme weather; 
(ii) assessment of the impacts of expanding 
requirements for humanitarian assistance 
and disaster response due to extreme weath-
er; 
(iii) assessment of the impacts on the po-
litical, military, and social stability of coun-
tries and regions of national security con-
cern that lack suitable infrastructure and re-
sources or, due to geographic location, may 
not successfully adapt to extreme weather 
and may suffer disproportionately compared 
to other countries and regions of national se-
curity concern; 
(iv) assessment of risks to home station 
strategic and operational support area readi-
ness, including the strategic highway net-
work, the strategic rail network, and stra-
tegic air and sea ports; 
(v) identification of the current climate re-
silience status, plans, goals, and objectives 
of military installations and State-owned 
National Guard installations in light of cur-
rent and projected vulnerabilities of such in-
stallations to the impacts of extreme weath-
er; and 
(vi) development of measures to improve 
the preparedness and resilience of military 
installations 
and 
State-owned 
National 
Guard installations to extreme weather, 
while simultaneously developing standards 
for data collection to assist decision-making 
processes for research, development, and ac-
quisition priorities for installation and in-
frastructure resilience to extreme weather. 
(D) A long-term strategic plan, including 
war games and exercises, centered on cli-
mate-driven crises, and a long-term assess-
ment of climate security by the Office of Net 
Assessment of the Department. 
(E) A review outlining near-term and long- 
term needs for research, development, and 
deployment for equipment and other meas-
ures required to assure the resilience of the 
assets and capabilities of the Department 
and each component thereof, and of key ele-
ments of the defense industrial base and sup-
porting transportation networks, to the im-
pacts of extreme weather. 
(c) REPORTS.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than one year 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
and every five years thereafter, the Chair-
man of the Joint Chiefs of Staff shall submit 
to the Committees on Armed Services of the 
Senate and the House of Representatives a 
report on the broader strategic and oper-
ational impacts of extreme weather on the 
Department, measures to address such im-
pacts, and progress in implementing new 
technologies and platforms, training and 
education methods, and data collection and 
dissemination for each military department 
to meet its mission requirements. 
(2) RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, AND DEPLOY-
MENT NEEDS.—Each report required by para-
graph (1) shall identify research, develop-
ment, and deployment needs for each com-
batant command and functional command. 
SEC. 334. CLIMATE RESILIENCE INFRASTRUC-
TURE INITIATIVE OF THE DEPART-
MENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) DESIGNATION.—The programs, practices, 
and activities carried out pursuant to this 
section shall be known collectively as the 
‘‘Climate Resilience Infrastructure Initiative 
of the Department of Defense’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00020
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 31-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8563 
November 19, 2021 
(b) CONFORMANCE OF FACILITIES AND INFRA-
STRUCTURE TO CLIMATE RESILIENCE REQUIRE-
MENTS.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of Defense, 
in coordination with the Secretaries of the 
military departments, the Chief of the Na-
tional Guard Bureau, the Director of the De-
fense Advanced Research Projects Agency, 
the directors of other Defense Agencies, and 
the head of the Strategic Environmental Re-
search and Development Program, shall en-
sure that all facilities and infrastructure of 
the Department of Defense meet applicable 
standards and requirements of the Unified 
Facilities Criteria of the Department on cli-
mate resilience. 
(2) STANDARDS
AND
REQUIREMENTS.—The 
Secretary shall provide for the ongoing re-
view and update of the standards and re-
quirements referred to in paragraph (1) to 
ensure that such standards and requirements 
incorporate lessons learned on the potential 
impacts of extreme weather on the facilities 
and infrastructure of the Department. 
(c) BUILDING
CODES
AND
STANDARDS.—In 
carrying out subsection (b), the Secretary 
shall ensure that the building codes and 
standards applicable to structures of the De-
partment are updated on an ongoing basis to 
incorporate best practices on climate resil-
ience in the specific regions in which the 
structures concerned are located, including 
with respect to worst case scenarios in con-
nection with the impacts of extreme weath-
er. 
(d) HARDENING
AND QUICK RECOVERY.—In 
carrying out subsection (b), the Secretary 
shall ensure that the Department develops 
requirements for backup utilities, commu-
nications, and transportation to ensure that 
the critical infrastructure of Department fa-
cilities is hardened, developed, and con-
structed for recovering quickly from natural 
disasters and the impacts of extreme weath-
er. 
(e) SUSTAINMENT
AND MODERNIZATION.—In 
carrying out subsection (b) the Secretary 
shall develop sustainment and modernization 
requirements for facilities of the Depart-
ment in connection with climate resilience. 
(f) 
COLLABORATION
IN
PLANNING
WITH 
LOCAL
COMMUNITIES.—The Secretary shall 
develop, within existing frameworks for col-
laborative activities between military in-
stallations and State and local communities, 
and in addition to the requirements of sec-
tion 2864(c) of title 10, United States Code, a 
framework that permits and directs installa-
tion commanders to engage with State, re-
gional, and local agencies, and with local 
communities, on planning for climate resil-
ience in order to enhance efficient response 
to impacts of extreme weather and to secure 
collaborative investment in infrastructure 
that is resilient to the current and projected 
impacts of extreme weather. 
(g) TESTING AND TRAINING RANGE LANDS.— 
(1) PRACTICES FOR SUSTAINMENT OF LANDS.— 
The Secretary shall develop and implement 
practices to sustain the lands of the military 
testing and training ranges of the Depart-
ment, and the lands of testing and training 
ranges on State-owned National Guard in-
stallations, through the adaptation and re-
silience of such lands to the current and pro-
jected impacts of extreme weather to ensure 
the ongoing availability of such lands to 
military personnel, weapon systems, and 
equipment for testing and training purposes. 
(2) 
TRAINING
AND
EDUCATION
ON 
SUSTAINMENT OF LANDS.—The Secretary shall 
develop a program of training and education 
for regular and reserve members of the 
Armed Forces (including members of the Na-
tional Guard) on the importance of the 
sustainment of the lands of the military 
testing and training ranges as described in 
paragraph (1). 
(3) INVESTMENT IN RESILIENCE OF LANDS.— 
The Secretary shall provide for appropriate 
investments in the lands of the military 
testing and training ranges in order to in-
crease the resilience and adaptation of such 
lands to the current and projected impacts of 
extreme weather for testing and training 
purposes in connection with current and pro-
jected testing and training requirements in 
the short-term and the long-term. 
(h) USE OF EMISSION-FREE TECHNOLOGIES.— 
The Secretary shall take appropriate actions 
to increase the use of emission-free and net- 
zero-emission energy technologies in the op-
erations, programs, projects, and activities 
of the Department. 
SEC. 335. ASSESSMENT OF CLIMATE RISKS TO IN-
FRASTRUCTURE 
OF 
DEPARTMENT 
OF DEFENSE. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of Defense 
shall direct the Secretary of each military 
department— 
(1) to assess the vulnerability of installa-
tions and other facilities under the jurisdic-
tion of such Secretary, and of State-owned 
National Guard installations, to the current 
and projected impacts of extreme weather, 
using vulnerability and risk assessment 
tools chosen or developed pursuant to sec-
tion 326 of the National Defense Authoriza-
tion Act for Fiscal Year 2020 (Public Law 
116–92; 133 Stat. 1310); 
(2) to assess the infrastructure required for 
successful operation of such installations 
and facilities in response to any such 
vulnerabilities, and to assure military in-
stallation resilience of such installations 
and facilities; and 
(3) to develop installation-specific plans 
pursuant to section 2864(c) of title 10, United 
States Code, and similar plans for State- 
owned National Guard installations, to ad-
dress such vulnerabilities. 
(b) RANKING
OF
FACILITIES.—In carrying 
out subsection (a), the Secretary of each 
military department shall rank the needs of 
the military installations and other facili-
ties under the jurisdiction of such Secretary, 
and of State-owned National Guard installa-
tions, based on level of risks posed by the 
current and projected impacts of extreme 
weather, the likelihood of such risks, and the 
importance of such installations and facili-
ties in maintaining overall readiness and 
operational capability. 
(c) MILITARY INSTALLATION RESILIENCE DE-
FINED.—In this section, the term ‘‘military 
installation resilience’’ has the meaning 
given that term in section 101(e)(8) of title 
10, United States Code. 
Subtitle D—Treatment of Perfluoroalkyl 
Substances and Polyfluoroalkyl Substances 
SEC. 351. TREATMENT BY DEPARTMENT OF DE-
FENSE OF PERFLUOROALKYL SUB-
STANCES AND POLYFLUOROALKYL 
SUBSTANCES. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Chapter 160 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by inserting before section 2700 the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘Subchapter I—Environmental Restoration’’; 
(2) in section 2700, in the matter preceding 
paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘this chapter’’ and 
inserting ‘‘this subchapter’’; 
(3) in section 2701(c)(1), in the matter pre-
ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘this 
chapter’’ and inserting ‘‘this subchapter’’; 
(4) in section 2703— 
(A) in subsection (c)(1), by striking ‘‘this 
chapter’’ and inserting ‘‘this subchapter’’; 
and 
(B) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘this 
chapter’’ and inserting ‘‘this subchapter’’; 
(5) in section 2707— 
(A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘this 
chapter’’ and inserting ‘‘this subchapter’’; 
and 
(B) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘this 
chapter’’ and inserting ‘‘this subchapter’’; 
and 
(6) by adding at the end the following new 
subchapter: 
‘‘Subchapter II—Treatment of Perfluoroalkyl 
Substances and Polyfluoroalkyl Substances 
‘‘§ 2713. Definitions 
‘‘In this subchapter: 
‘‘(1) The term ‘military installation’ has 
the meaning given such term in section 
2801(c)(4) of this title. 
‘‘(2) The term ‘perfluoroalkyl substance’ 
means a man-made chemical of which all of 
the carbon atoms are fully fluorinated car-
bon atoms. 
‘‘(3) The term ‘polyfluoroalkyl substance’ 
means a man-made chemical containing a 
mix of fully fluorinated carbon atoms, par-
tially 
fluorinated 
carbon 
atoms, 
and 
nonfluorinated carbon atoms. 
‘‘§ 2714. 
Perfluoroalkyl 
substances 
and 
polyfluoroalkyl substances task force 
‘‘(a) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of De-
fense shall establish a task force to address 
the effects of the release of perfluoroalkyl 
substances and polyfluoroalkyl substances 
from activities of the Department of Defense 
(in this section referred to as the ‘PFAS 
Task Force’). 
‘‘(b) MEMBERSHIP.—The members of the 
PFAS Task Force are the following: 
‘‘(1) The Assistant Secretary of Defense for 
Energy, Installations, and Environment. 
‘‘(2) The Assistant Secretary of the Army 
for Installations, Energy, and Environment. 
‘‘(3) The Assistant Secretary of the Navy 
for Energy, Installations, and Environment. 
‘‘(4) The Assistant Secretary of the Air 
Force for Installations, Environment, and 
Energy. 
‘‘(5) The Assistant Secretary of Defense for 
Health Affairs. 
‘‘(c) CHAIRMAN.—The Assistant Secretary 
of Defense for Energy, Installations, and En-
vironment shall be the chairman of the 
PFAS Task Force. 
‘‘(d) SUPPORT.—The Under Secretary of De-
fense for Personnel and Readiness and such 
other individuals as the Secretary of Defense 
considers appropriate shall support the ac-
tivities of the PFAS Task Force. 
‘‘(e) DUTIES.—The duties of the PFAS Task 
Force are the following: 
‘‘(1) Monitor the health aspects of exposure 
to 
perfluoroalkyl 
substances 
and 
polyfluoroalkyl substances, as found by the 
Secretary of Health and Human Services. 
‘‘(2) Finding and funding the procurement 
of an effective substitute firefighting foam 
without 
perfluoroalkyl 
substances 
or 
polyfluoroalkyl substances. 
‘‘(3) Coordination within the Department 
of Defense with respect to mitigating the ef-
fects of the release of perfluoroalkyl sub-
stances and polyfluoroalkyl substances. 
‘‘(4) Assessment of the perceptions by Con-
gress and the public of the efforts of the De-
partment of Defense with respect to miti-
gating 
the 
effects 
of 
the 
release 
of 
perfluoroalkyl 
substances 
and 
polyfluoroalkyl substances from activities of 
the Department. 
‘‘(f) REPORT.—Not later than 90 days after 
the date of the enactment of the National 
Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 
2022, and quarterly thereafter, the Chairman 
of the PFAS Task Force shall submit to Con-
gress a report on the activities of the task 
force. 
‘‘§ 2715. Testing for perfluoroalkyl substances 
and polyfluoroalkyl substances at military 
installations and facilities of the National 
Guard 
‘‘(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than two years 
after the date of the enactment of the Na-
tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00021
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 32-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8564 
November 19, 2021 
Year 2022, the Secretary of Defense shall 
complete preliminary assessment and site 
inspection testing for perfluoroalkyl sub-
stances and polyfluoroalkyl substances at all 
military installations and facilities of the 
National Guard located in the United States 
that are identified as of March 31, 2021, as 
having a release of perfluoroalkyl substances 
or polyfluoroalkyl substances. 
‘‘(b) DETERMINATION
OF CONTAMINATION.— 
Testing conducted under subsection (a) at a 
military installation or facility of the Na-
tional Guard shall determine— 
‘‘(1) whether the installation or facility 
has contamination from a perfluoroalkyl 
substance or polyfluoroalkyl substance; and 
‘‘(2) whether activities in connection with 
such installation or facility have caused con-
tamination from a perfluoroalkyl substance 
or polyfluoroalkyl substance outside of such 
installation or facility. 
‘‘(c) ADDITIONAL RESPONSE ACTIONS.—Test-
ing conducted under subsection (a) shall pro-
vide at least a preliminary basis for deter-
mining whether additional environmental 
response actions are necessary to address 
contamination from a perfluoroalkyl sub-
stance or polyfluoroalkyl substance. 
‘‘(d) TYPE OF TESTING.—When testing for 
perfluoroalkyl substances or polyfluoroalkyl 
substances under subsection (a) or any other 
provision of law, the Secretary shall use a 
method to measure for all perfluoroalkyl 
substances or polyfluoroalkyl substances in 
drinking water that has been validated by 
the Administrator of the Environmental 
Protection Agency. 
‘‘(e) REPORT.—(1) For each of fiscal years 
2022 through 2024, the Secretary shall submit 
to Congress a report on the status of the 
testing conducted under subsection (a) dur-
ing such year. 
‘‘(2) Each report submitted under para-
graph (1) shall identify, with respect to test-
ing conducted under subsection (a)— 
‘‘(A) each installation or facility where 
testing has been completed; 
‘‘(B) each installation or facility where 
testing has not yet been completed; 
‘‘(C) the projected completion date for 
testing at installations or facilities where 
testing has not yet been completed; 
‘‘(D) the results of testing at installations 
or facilities where testing has been com-
pleted; and 
‘‘(E) the actions planned, and the projected 
timelines for such actions, for each installa-
tion or facility to address contamination by 
a 
perfluoroalkyl 
substance 
or 
polyfluoroalkyl substance. 
‘‘(3) Each report submitted under para-
graph (1) shall be provided to Congress not 
later than January 1st of the fiscal year im-
mediately following the fiscal year covered 
by the report. 
‘‘(4) The Secretary may delegate the re-
sponsibility for preparing the reports re-
quired by paragraph (1) only to the Deputy 
Secretary of Defense.’’. 
(b) CLERICAL
AMENDMENT.—The table of 
sections for chapter 160 of such title is 
amended— 
(1) by inserting after the item relating to 
chapter 160 the following new item: 
‘‘SUBCHAPTER I—ENVIRONMENTAL 
RESTORATION’’; AND 
(2) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SUBCHAPTER
II—TREATMENT
OF 
PERFLUOROALKYL
SUBSTANCES
AND 
POLYFLUOROALKYL SUBSTANCES 
‘‘Sec. 
‘‘2713. Definitions. 
‘‘2714. 
Perfluoroalkyl 
substances 
and 
polyfluoroalkyl substances task 
force. 
‘‘2715. Testing for perfluoroalkyl substances 
and polyfluoroalkyl substances 
at military installations and fa-
cilities of the National Guard.’’. 
SEC. 352. PUBLIC DISCLOSURE OF TESTING AND 
RESULTS OF DEPARTMENT OF DE-
FENSE 
TESTING 
FOR 
PERFLUOROALKYL 
OR 
POLYFLUOROALKYL 
SUBSTANCES 
AND ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS 
FOR TESTING. 
(a) PUBLIC DISCLOSURE OF PFAS TESTING 
RESULTS.—Not later than 10 days after re-
ceipt of validated testing results, the Sec-
retary of Defense shall publicly disclose the 
validated 
results 
of 
any 
testing 
for 
perfluoroalkyl or polyfluoroalkyl substances 
(commonly referred to as ‘‘PFAS’’) con-
ducted on or at areas surrounding military 
installations of the Department of Defense in 
the United States or facilities of the Na-
tional Guard, as authorized under section 
2707(e) of title 10, United States Code, includ-
ing— 
(1) the results of all such testing conducted 
by the Department; and 
(2) the results of all such testing conducted 
by a non-Department entity (including any 
Federal agency or any public or private enti-
ty) under contract by or pursuant to an 
agreement with the Department. 
(b) PUBLIC DISCLOSURE OF PLANNED PFAS 
TESTING.—Not later than 60 days after the 
date of the enactment of the Act, and every 
90 days thereafter, the Secretary of Defense 
shall disclose the expected timing and gen-
eral location of any planned testing for 
perfluoroalkyl or polyfluoroalkyl substances 
conducted on or at areas surrounding mili-
tary installations of the Department of De-
fense in the United States or facilities of the 
National Guard, as authorized under section 
2707(e) of title 10, United States Code, includ-
ing— 
(1) all such testing to be conducted by the 
Department; and 
(2) all such testing to be conducted by a 
non-Department entity (including any Fed-
eral agency and any public or private entity) 
under contract by or pursuant to an agree-
ment with the Department. 
(c) NATURE OF DISCLOSURE.—The Secretary 
of Defense may satisfy the disclosure re-
quirements under subsections (a) and (b) by 
publishing the information, datasets, and re-
sults relating to the testing described in 
such subsections— 
(1) on the publicly available website estab-
lished under section 331(b) of the National 
Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 
2020 (Public Law 116–92; 10 U.S.C. 2701 note); 
(2) on another publicly available website of 
the Department of Defense; or 
(3) in the Federal Register. 
(d) REQUIREMENTS OF INFORMATION TO BE 
DISCLOSED.—The information required to be 
disclosed by the Secretary of Defense under 
subsections (a) and (b) and published under 
subsection (c)— 
(1) shall constitute a record for the pur-
poses of chapters 21, 29, 31, and 33 of title 44, 
United States Code; 
(2) shall include any underlying datasets or 
additional information of interest to the 
public, as determined by the Secretary; and 
(3) may exclude information as authorized 
by law. 
(e) LOCAL
NOTIFICATION.—Prior to con-
ducting any testing for perfluoroalkyl or 
polyfluoroalkyl substances, including any 
testing not previously planned and reported, 
the Secretary of Defense shall provide notice 
to— 
(1) the managers of the public water sys-
tem serving the areas located immediately 
adjacent to the military installation where 
such testing is to occur; 
(2) the municipal government serving the 
areas located immediately adjacent to the 
military installation where such testing is to 
occur; and 
(3) all members of the Restoration Advi-
sory Board for the military installation 
where such testing is to occur, as applicable. 
(f) TYPE
OF
TESTING.—When testing for 
perfluoroalkyl 
or 
polyfluoroalkyl 
sub-
stances, the Secretary of Defense shall test 
for all perfluoroalkyl or polyfluoroalkyl sub-
stances included in that method of meas-
uring the amount of such substances in 
drinking water that has been validated by 
the Administrator of the Environmental 
Protection Agency. 
(g) DEFINITIONS.—In this section: 
(1) The term ‘‘military installation’’ has 
the meaning given such term in section 
2801(c)(4) of title 10, United States Code. 
(2) 
The 
term 
‘‘perfluoroalkyl 
or 
polyfluoroalkyl substance’’ means any man- 
made chemical with at least one fully 
fluorinated carbon atom. 
(3) The term ‘‘public water system’’ has 
the meaning given such term under section 
1401(4) of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 
U.S.C. 300f(4)). 
SEC. 353. EXTENSION OF TRANSFER AUTHORITY 
FOR FUNDING OF STUDY AND AS-
SESSMENT 
ON 
HEALTH 
IMPLICA-
TIONS 
OF 
PER- 
AND 
POLYFLUOROALKYL 
SUBSTANCES 
CONTAMINATION 
IN 
DRINKING 
WATER BY AGENCY FOR TOXIC SUB-
STANCES AND DISEASE REGISTRY. 
Section 316(a)(2)(B)(ii) of the National De-
fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 
(Public Law 115–91; 131 Stat. 1350), as amend-
ed by section 315(a) of the John S. McCain 
National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-
cal Year 2019 (Public Law 115–232; 132 Stat. 
1713), section 321 of the National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2020 (Public 
Law 116–92; 133 Stat. 1307), and section 337 of 
the William M. (Mac) Thornberry National 
Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 
2021 (Public Law 116–283), is further amended 
by striking ‘‘fiscal years 2019, 2020, and 2021’’ 
and inserting ‘‘fiscal years 2019 through 
2023’’. 
SEC. 
354. 
REPORT 
ON 
REMEDIATION 
OF 
PERFLUOROALKYL 
SUBSTANCES 
AND 
POLYFLUOROALKYL 
SUB-
STANCES AT CERTAIN MILITARY IN-
STALLATIONS. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 60 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
the Secretary of Defense shall submit to 
Congress a report identifying the status of 
efforts to remediate perfluoroalkyl sub-
stances and polyfluoroalkyl substances at 
the following locations: 
(1) England Air Force Base, Louisiana. 
(2) Naval Air Weapons Station China Lake, 
California. 
(3) Patrick Air Force Base, Florida. 
(4) Myrtle Beach Air Force Base, South 
Carolina. 
(5) Langley Air Force Base, Virginia. 
(6) Naval Air Station Jacksonville, Flor-
ida. 
(7) Niagara Falls Air Reserve Station, New 
York. 
(8) Grand Prairie Armed Forces Reserve 
Complex, Texas. 
(9) Altus Air Force Base, Oklahoma. 
(10) Charleston Air Force Base, South 
Carolina. 
(11) Barksdale Air Force Base, Louisiana. 
(12) Plattsburgh Air Force Base, New York. 
(13) Tyndall Air Force Base, Florida. 
(14) Sheppard Air Force Base, Texas. 
(15) Columbus Air Force Base, Mississippi. 
(16) Chanute Air Force Base, Illinois. 
(17) Marine Corps Air Station Tustin, Cali-
fornia. 
(18) Travis Air Force Base, California. 
(19) Ellsworth Air Force Base, South Da-
kota. 
(20) Minot Air Force Base, North Dakota. 
(21) Westover Air Reserve Base, Massachu-
setts. 
(22) Eaker Air Force Base, Arkansas. 
(23) Naval Air Station Alameda, California. 
(24) Eielson Air Force Base, Alaska. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00022
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 33-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8565 
November 19, 2021 
(25) Horsham Air Guard Station, Pennsyl-
vania. 
(26) Vance Air Force Base, Oklahoma. 
(27) Dover Air Force Base, Delaware. 
(28) Edwards Air Force Base, California. 
(29) Robins Air Force Base, Georgia. 
(30) Joint Base McGuire–Dix–Lakehurst, 
New Jersey. 
(31) Galena Air Force Base, Alaska. 
(32) Naval Research Laboratory Chesa-
peake Bay Detachment, Maryland. 
(33) Buckley Air Force Base, Colorado. 
(34) Arnold Air Force Base, Tennessee. 
(35) Tinker Air Force Base, Oklahoma. 
(36) Fairchild Air Force Base, Washington. 
(37) Vandenberg Air Force Base, California. 
(38) Hancock Field Air National Guard 
Base, New York. 
(39) F.E. Warren Air Force Base, Wyoming. 
(40) Nevada Air National Guard Base, Ne-
vada. 
(41) K.I. Sawyer Air Force Base, Michigan. 
(42) Pease Air Force Base, New Hampshire. 
(43) Whiteman Air Force Base, Missouri. 
(44) Wurtsmith Air Force Base, Michigan. 
(45) Shepherd Field Air National Guard 
Base, West Virginia. 
(46) Naval Air Station Whidbey Island–Ault 
Field, Washington. 
(47) Rosecrans Air National Guard Base, 
Missouri. 
(48) Joint Base Andrews, Maryland. 
(49) Iowa Air National Guard Base, Iowa. 
(50) Stewart Air National Guard Base, New 
York. 
(b) DEFINITIONS.—In this section: 
(1) The term ‘‘perfluoroalkyl substance’’ 
means a man-made chemical of which all of 
the carbon atoms are fully fluorinated car-
bon atoms. 
(2) The term ‘‘polyfluoroalkyl substance’’ 
means a man-made chemical containing a 
mix of fully fluorinated carbon atoms, par-
tially 
fluorinated 
carbon 
atoms, 
and 
nonfluorinated carbon atoms. 
SEC. 355. REPORT ON SCHEDULE FOR COMPLE-
TION 
OF 
REMEDIATION 
OF 
PERFLUOROALKYL 
SUBSTANCES 
AND 
POLYFLUOROALKYL 
SUB-
STANCES. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 270 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the 
Committees on Armed Services of the Senate 
and the House of Representatives a report 
detailing a proposed schedule for the comple-
tion of remediation of perfluoroalkyl sub-
stances and polyfluoroalkyl substances, and 
the associated cost estimates to perform 
such remediation, at military installations, 
facilities of the National Guard, and for-
merly used defense sites in the United States 
that are identified as of March 31, 2021, as 
having a release of perfluoroalkyl substances 
or polyfluoroalkyl substances. 
(b) DEFINITIONS.—In this section: 
(1) The term ‘‘military installation’’ has 
the meaning given such term in section 
2801(c)(4) of title 10, United States Code. 
(2) The term ‘‘perfluoroalkyl substance’’ 
means a man-made chemical of which all of 
the carbon atoms are fully fluorinated car-
bon atoms. 
(3) The term ‘‘polyfluoroalkyl substance’’ 
means a man-made chemical containing a 
mix of fully fluorinated carbon atoms, par-
tially 
fluorinated 
carbon 
atoms, 
and 
nonfluorinated carbon atoms. 
Subtitle E—Other Matters 
SEC. 371. EXTENSION OF TEMPORARY AUTHOR-
ITY TO EXTEND CONTRACTS AND 
LEASES UNDER THE ARMS INITIA-
TIVE. 
Section 343 of the National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public 
Law 114–92; 10 U.S.C. 7554 note) is amended 
by striking ‘‘the date that is five years after 
the date of the enactment of this Act’’ and 
inserting ‘‘November 25, 2025,’’. 
SEC. 372. INCIDENT REPORTING REQUIREMENTS 
FOR DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE RE-
GARDING LOST OR STOLEN WEAP-
ONS. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—For each of fiscal years 
2022, 2023, and 2024, the Secretary of Defense 
shall submit to the Committees on Armed 
Services of the Senate and the House of Rep-
resentatives a report on security, control, 
thefts, losses, and recoveries of sensitive 
conventional arms, ammunition, and explo-
sives (commonly referred to as ‘‘AA&E’’) of 
the Department of Defense during such year, 
including the following: 
(1) M–16 or M4s. 
(2) Light automatic weapons up to and in-
cluding M249, M2, and 40mm MK19 machine 
guns. 
(3) Functional launch tube with umbilical 
squib installed and grip stock for the Stinger 
missile. 
(4) Launch tube, sight assembly, and grip 
stock for missiles. 
(5) Tracker for the Dragon missile. 
(6) Mortar tubes up to and including 81mm. 
(7) Grenade launchers. 
(8) Rocket and missile launchers with an 
unpacked weight of 100 pounds or less. 
(9) Flame throwers. 
(10) The launcher, missile guidance se, or 
the optical sight for the TOW and the Jav-
elin Command Launch Unit. 
(11) Single shot and semi-automatic (non- 
automatic) shoulder-fired weapons such as 
shotguns and bolt action rifles and weapons 
barrels. 
(12) Handguns. 
(13) Recoil-less rifles up to and including 
106mm. 
(14) Man-portable missiles and rockets in a 
ready-to-fire configuration or when jointly 
stored or transported with the launcher tube 
or grip-stock and the explosive round. 
(15) Stinger missiles. 
(16) Dragon, Javelin, light antitank weap-
on (66mm), shoulder-launched multi-purpose 
assault weapon rocket (83mm), M136 (AT4) 
anti-armor launcher and cartridge (84mm). 
(17) Missiles and rockets that are crew- 
served or require platform-mounted launch-
ers and other equipment to function include 
HYDRA–70 rockets and tube-launched opti-
cally wire guided (TOW) missiles. 
(18) Missiles and rockets that require plat-
form-mounted launchers and complex hard-
ware equipment to function including the 
HELLFIRE missile. 
(19) Explosive rounds of any missile or 
rocket listed in paragraphs (1) through (18). 
(20) Hand or rifle grenades (high-explosive 
and white phosphorous). 
(21) Antitank or antipersonnel mines. 
(22) Explosives used in demolition oper-
ations, C–4, military dynamite, and trinitro-
toluene (TNT). 
(23) Warheads for sensitive missiles and 
rockets weighing less than 50 pounds each. 
(24) Ammunition that is .50 caliber or larg-
er with explosive-filled projectile. 
(25) Incendiary grenades and fuses for high- 
explosive grenades. 
(26) Blasting caps. 
(27) Supplementary charges. 
(28) Bulk explosives. 
(29) Detonating cord. 
(30) Riot control agents. 
(b) IMMEDIATE
REPORTING
OF
CONFIRMED 
THEFTS, LOSSES, AND RECOVERIES.—Not later 
than 72 hours after a confirmed theft, loss, or 
recovery of a sensitive conventional arm, 
ammunition, or explosive covered by the re-
port required by subsection (a), the Sec-
retary shall report such theft, loss, or recov-
ery to the National Crime Information Cen-
ter and local law enforcement. 
SEC. 373. REPEAL OF SUNSET FOR NAVAL VESSEL 
EXAMINATION REPORT. 
Section 8674(d) of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended by striking paragraph (3). 
SEC. 374. REPORT ON AMMUNITION ORGANIC IN-
DUSTRIAL BASE MODERNIZATION BY 
DEPARTMENT OF THE ARMY. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than March 15, 
2022, the Secretary of the Army shall submit 
to the congressional defense committees a 
report on— 
(1) a modernization master plan for the op-
timal placement and creation of efficiencies 
in facilities and major equipment to support 
mission requirements at ammunition or-
ganic industrial base production facilities 
under the jurisdiction of the Secretary of the 
Army; and 
(2) an investment strategy to address the 
facilities, major equipment, and infrastruc-
ture requirements at each such production 
facility in order to support the readiness and 
material availability goals of current and fu-
ture weapons systems of the Department of 
Defense. 
(b) ELEMENTS.—The report required by sub-
section (a) shall include the following ele-
ments: 
(1) A review of current and projected work-
load requirements for the manufacturing of 
energetic materials, including propellants, 
explosives, pyrotechnics, and the ingredients 
for propellants, explosives, and pyrotechnics, 
to assess efficiencies in the use of existing 
facilities, including consideration of new 
weapons characteristics and requirements, 
obsolescence of facilities, siting of facilities 
and equipment, and various constrained 
process flows. 
(2) An analysis of life-cycle costs to repair 
and modernize existing mission-essential fa-
cilities versus the cost to consolidate func-
tions into modern, right-sized facilities at 
each location to meet current and pro-
grammed future mission requirements. 
(3) A review of the progress made in 
prioritizing and funding projects that facili-
tate process efficiencies and consolidate and 
contribute to availability cost and schedule 
reductions. 
(4) An accounting of the backlog of res-
toration and modernization projects at each 
arsenal of the Department of the Army. 
(5) A master plan for each arsenal of the 
Department of the Army that incorporates 
the results of a review of— 
(A) industrial processes, logistics streams, 
and workload distribution required to sup-
port production objectives; and 
(B) the facilities requirements to support 
optimized processes. 
(6) 
An 
updated 
investment 
strategy 
planned for each arsenal of the Department 
of the Army, including— 
(A) a timeline to complete the master plan 
for such strategy; 
(B) a list of projects and a brief scope of 
work for each such project; and 
(C) cost estimates necessary to complete 
projects for mission essential facilities. 
(c) ANNUAL REPORT.—As part of the annual 
budget submission by the President under 
section 1105(a) of title 31, United States 
Code, for fiscal years 2023 through 2027, the 
Secretary of the Army shall submit to the 
congressional defense committees a report 
describing the progress made in establishing 
the master plan under subsection (b)(5) and 
implementing the investment strategy under 
subsection (b)(6). 
SEC. 375. ANNUAL REPORT BY SECRETARY OF 
THE NAVY ON SHIP MAINTENANCE. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Chapter 863 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at 
the end the following new section: 
‘‘§ 8695. Annual report on ship maintenance 
‘‘Not later than October 15 of each year, 
the Secretary of the Navy shall submit to 
the Committee on Armed Services of the 
Senate and the Committee on Armed Serv-
ices of the House of Representatives a report 
setting forth the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00023
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 34-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8566 
November 19, 2021 
‘‘(1) A description of all ship maintenance 
planned for the fiscal year in which the re-
port is submitted, by hull. 
‘‘(2) The estimated cost of the maintenance 
described in paragraph (1). 
‘‘(3) A summary of all ship maintenance 
conducted by the Secretary during the pre-
vious fiscal year. 
‘‘(4) Details of any ship maintenance that 
was deferred during the previous fiscal year. 
‘‘(5) Details of planned ship maintenance 
that was cancelled during the previous fiscal 
year and a summary of the reasons for the 
decision.’’. 
(b) CLERICAL
AMENDMENT.—The table of 
sections at the beginning of chapter 863 of 
such title is amended by adding at the end 
the following new item: 
‘‘8695. Annual report on ship maintenance.’’. 
TITLE IV—MILITARY PERSONNEL 
AUTHORIZATIONS 
Subtitle A—Active Forces 
SEC. 401. END STRENGTHS FOR ACTIVE FORCES. 
The 
Armed 
Forces 
are 
authorized 
strengths for active duty personnel as of 
September 30, 2022, as follows: 
(1) The Army, 485,000. 
(2) The Navy, 346,200. 
(3) The Marine Corps, 178,500. 
(4) The Air Force, 329,220. 
(5) The Space Force, 8,400. 
SEC. 402. AUTHORITY WITH RESPECT TO AU-
THORIZED STRENGTHS FOR GEN-
ERAL AND FLAG OFFICERS WITHIN 
THE ARMED FORCES FOR EMERG-
ING REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) AUTHORITY
ON
AND BEFORE DECEMBER 
31, 2022.—Section 526 of title 10, United 
States Code, is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsection (k) as sub-
section (l); and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (j) the fol-
lowing new subsection: 
‘‘(k) TRANSFER OF AUTHORIZATIONS AMONG 
THE MILITARY SERVICES.—(1) The Secretary 
of Defense may increase the maximum num-
ber of brigadier generals or major generals in 
the Army, Air Force, Marine Corps, or Space 
Force, or rear admirals (lower half) or rear 
admirals in the Navy, allowed under sub-
section (a) and section 525 of this title, and 
the President may appoint officers in the 
equivalent grades equal to the number in-
creased by the Secretary of Defense, if each 
appointment is made in conjunction with an 
offsetting reduction under paragraph (2). 
‘‘(2) For each increase and appointment 
made under the authority of paragraph (1) in 
the Army, Navy, Air Force, Marine Corps, or 
Space Force, the number of appointments 
that may be made in the equivalent grade in 
one of the other armed forces (other than the 
Coast Guard) shall be reduced by one. When 
such an increase and appointment is made, 
the Secretary of Defense shall specify the 
armed force in which the reduction required 
by this paragraph is to be made. 
‘‘(3) The total number of general officers 
and flag officers increased under paragraph 
(1), combined with the total number of gen-
eral officers and flag officers increased under 
section 526a(i)(1) of this title, may not ex-
ceed 15 at any one time. 
‘‘(4) The Secretary may not increase the 
maximum number of general officers or flag 
officers under paragraph (1) until the date 
that is 30 days after the date on which the 
Secretary provides notice of the increase to 
the Committees on Armed Services of the 
Senate and the House of Representatives.’’. 
(b) AUTHORITY AFTER DECEMBER 31, 2022.— 
Section 526a of title 10, United States Code, 
is amended by adding at the end the fol-
lowing new subsection: 
‘‘(i) TRANSFER OF AUTHORIZATIONS AMONG 
THE MILITARY SERVICES.—(1) The Secretary 
of Defense may increase the maximum num-
ber of brigadier generals or major generals in 
the Army, Air Force, Marine Corps, or Space 
Force, or rear admirals (lower half) or rear 
admirals in the Navy, allowed under sub-
section (a) and section 525 of this title and 
the President may appoint officers in the 
equivalent grades equal to the number in-
creased by the Secretary of Defense if each 
appointment is made in conjunction with an 
offsetting reduction under paragraph (2). 
‘‘(2) For each increase and appointment 
made under the authority of paragraph (1) in 
the Army, Navy, Air Force, Marine Corps, or 
Space Force, the number of appointments 
that may be made in the equivalent grade in 
one of the other armed forces (other than the 
Coast Guard) shall be reduced by one. When 
such an increase and appointment is made, 
the Secretary of Defense shall specify the 
armed force in which the reduction required 
by this paragraph is to be made. 
‘‘(3) The total number of general officers 
and flag officers increased under paragraph 
(1), combined with the total number of gen-
eral officers and flag officers increased under 
section 526(k)(1) of this title, may not exceed 
15 at any one time. 
‘‘(4) The Secretary may not increase the 
maximum number of general officers or flag 
officers under paragraph (1) until the date 
that is 30 days after the date on which the 
Secretary provides notice of the increase to 
the Committees on Armed Services of the 
Senate and the House of Representatives.’’. 
SEC. 403. ADDITIONAL AUTHORITY TO VARY 
SPACE FORCE END STRENGTH. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Notwithstanding section 
115(g) of title 10, United States Code, upon 
determination by the Secretary of the Air 
Force that such action would enhance man-
ning and readiness in essential units or in 
critical specialties, the Secretary may vary 
the end strength authorized by Congress for 
each fiscal year as follows: 
(1) Increase the end strength authorized 
pursuant to section 115(a)(1)(A) for a fiscal 
year for the Space Force by a number equal 
to not more than 5 percent of such author-
ized end strength. 
(2) Decrease the end strength authorized 
pursuant to section 115(a)(1)(A) for a fiscal 
year for the Space Force by a number equal 
to not more than 10 percent of such author-
ized end strength. 
(b) TERMINATION.—The authority provided 
under subsection (a) shall terminate on De-
cember 31, 2022. 
SEC. 404. TEMPORARY EXEMPTION FROM END 
STRENGTH 
GRADE 
RESTRICTIONS 
FOR THE SPACE FORCE. 
Sections 517 and 523 of title 10, United 
States Code, shall not apply to the Space 
Force until January 1, 2023. 
Subtitle B—Reserve Forces 
SEC. 411. END STRENGTHS FOR SELECTED RE-
SERVE. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—The Armed Forces are au-
thorized strengths for Selected Reserve per-
sonnel of the reserve components as of Sep-
tember 30, 2022, as follows: 
(1) The Army National Guard of the United 
States, 336,000. 
(2) The Army Reserve, 189,500. 
(3) The Navy Reserve, 58,600. 
(4) The Marine Corps Reserve, 36,800. 
(5) The Air National Guard of the United 
States, 108,300. 
(6) The Air Force Reserve, 70,300. 
(7) The Coast Guard Reserve, 7,000. 
(b) END STRENGTH REDUCTIONS.—The end 
strengths prescribed by subsection (a) for the 
Selected Reserve of any reserve component 
shall be proportionately reduced by— 
(1) the total authorized strength of units 
organized to serve as units of the Selected 
Reserve of such component which are on ac-
tive duty (other than for training) at the end 
of the fiscal year; and 
(2) the total number of individual members 
not in units organized to serve as units of 
the Selected Reserve of such component who 
are on active duty (other than for training or 
for unsatisfactory participation in training) 
without their consent at the end of the fiscal 
year. 
(c) END STRENGTH INCREASES.—Whenever 
units or individual members of the Selected 
Reserve of any reserve component are re-
leased from active duty during any fiscal 
year, the end strength prescribed for such 
fiscal year for the Selected Reserve of such 
reserve component shall be increased propor-
tionately by the total authorized strengths 
of such units and by the total number of 
such individual members. 
SEC. 412. END STRENGTHS FOR RESERVES ON AC-
TIVE DUTY IN SUPPORT OF THE RE-
SERVES. 
Within the end strengths prescribed in sec-
tion 411(a), the reserve components of the 
Armed Forces are authorized, as of Sep-
tember 30, 2022, the following number of Re-
serves to be serving on full-time active duty 
or full-time duty, in the case of members of 
the National Guard, for the purpose of orga-
nizing, administering, recruiting, instruct-
ing, or training the reserve components: 
(1) The Army National Guard of the United 
States, 30,845. 
(2) The Army Reserve, 16,511. 
(3) The Navy Reserve, 10,293. 
(4) The Marine Corps Reserve, 2,386. 
(5) The Air National Guard of the United 
States, 25,333. 
(6) The Air Force Reserve, 6,003. 
SEC. 413. END STRENGTHS FOR MILITARY TECH-
NICIANS (DUAL STATUS). 
(a) IN GENERAL.—The authorized number of 
military technicians (dual status) as of the 
last day of fiscal year 2022 for the reserve 
components of the Army and the Air Force 
(notwithstanding section 129 of title 10, 
United States Code) shall be the following: 
(1) For the Army National Guard of the 
United States, 22,294. 
(2) For the Army Reserve, 6,492. 
(3) For the Air National Guard of the 
United States, 10,994. 
(4) For the Air Force Reserve, 7,111. 
(b) LIMITATION ON NUMBER OF TEMPORARY 
MILITARY TECHNICIANS (DUAL STATUS).—The 
number of temporary military technicians 
(dual-status) employed under the authority 
of subsection (a) may not exceed 25 percent 
of the total authorized number specified in 
such subsection. 
(c) LIMITATION.—Under no circumstances 
may a military technician (dual status) em-
ployed under the authority of this section be 
coerced by a State into accepting an offer of 
realignment or conversion to any other mili-
tary status, including as a member of the 
Active, Guard, and Reserve program of a re-
serve component. If a military technician 
(dual status) declines to participate in such 
realignment or conversion, no further action 
will be taken against the individual or the 
individual’s position. 
SEC. 414. MAXIMUM NUMBER OF RESERVE PER-
SONNEL AUTHORIZED TO BE ON AC-
TIVE DUTY FOR OPERATIONAL SUP-
PORT. 
During fiscal year 2022, the maximum num-
ber of members of the reserve components of 
the Armed Forces who may be serving at any 
time on full-time operational support duty 
under section 115(b) of title 10, United States 
Code, is the following: 
(1) The Army National Guard of the United 
States, 17,000. 
(2) The Army Reserve, 13,000. 
(3) The Navy Reserve, 6,200. 
(4) The Marine Corps Reserve, 3,000. 
(5) The Air National Guard of the United 
States, 16,000. 
(6) The Air Force Reserve, 14,000. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00024
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 35-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8567 
November 19, 2021 
Subtitle C—Authorization of Appropriations 
SEC. 421. MILITARY PERSONNEL. 
(a) AUTHORIZATION
OF
APPROPRIATIONS.— 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated for fiscal year 2022 for the use of the 
Armed Forces and other activities and agen-
cies of the Department of Defense for ex-
penses, not otherwise provided for, for mili-
tary personnel, as specified in the funding 
table in section 4401. 
(b) CONSTRUCTION OF AUTHORIZATION.—The 
authorization of appropriations in subsection 
(a) supersedes any other authorization of ap-
propriations (definite or indefinite) for such 
purpose for fiscal year 2022. 
TITLE V—MILITARY PERSONNEL POLICY 
Subtitle A—Officer Personnel Policy 
SEC. 501. INCREASE IN AUTHORIZED LIEUTEN-
ANT COMMANDER BILLETS IN THE 
NAVY. 
Section 605(g)(4)(B) of title 10, United 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘325’’ 
and inserting ‘‘350’’. 
SEC. 502. TIME IN GRADE REQUIREMENTS. 
Section 619(a) of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘paragraph 
(4)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (5)’’; 
(2) by redesignating paragraphs (4) and (5) 
as paragraphs (5) and (6), respectively; and 
(3) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-
lowing new paragraph: 
‘‘(4) When the needs of the service require, 
the Secretary of the military department 
concerned may prescribe a shorter period of 
service in grade, but not less than two years, 
for eligibility for consideration for pro-
motion, in the case of officers designated for 
limited duty to whom paragraph (2) ap-
plies.’’. 
Subtitle B—General Service Authorities and 
Correction of Military Records 
PART I— SELECTIVE SERVICE REFORM 
SEC. 511. MODERNIZATION OF THE SELECTIVE 
SERVICE SYSTEM. 
(a) REFERENCE.—Except as expressly pro-
vided otherwise, any reference in this section 
to a section or other provision shall be 
deemed to be a reference to that section or 
other provision of the Military Selective 
Service Act (50 U.S.C. 3801 et seq.). 
(b) PURPOSE OF SELECTIVE SERVICE.—Sub-
section (b) of section 1 (50 U.S.C. 3801) is 
amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(b) The Congress declares that the secu-
rity of the Nation requires that adequate 
military strength be achieved and main-
tained by ensuring a requisite number of per-
sonnel with the necessary capabilities to 
meet the diverse mobilization needs of the 
Department of Defense during a national 
emergency.’’. 
(c) SOLEMNITY OF MILITARY SERVICE.—Sec-
tion 3 (50 U.S.C. 3802) is amended by adding 
at the end the following: 
‘‘(c) Regulations prescribed pursuant to 
subsection (a) shall include methods to con-
vey to every person required to register the 
solemn obligation for military service if 
called into training or service under this 
Act.’’. 
(d) EXPANDED REGISTRATION TO ALL AMERI-
CANS.— 
(1) Section 3(a) (50 U.S.C. 3802(a)) is amend-
ed— 
(A) by striking ‘‘male citizen’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘citizen’’; 
(B) by striking ‘‘male person’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘person’’; 
(C) by striking ‘‘present himself’’ and in-
serting ‘‘appear’’; and 
(D) by striking ‘‘so long as he’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘so long as such alien’’. 
(2) Section 4(e) (50 U.S.C. 3803(e)) is amend-
ed by striking ‘‘enlisted men’’ and inserting 
‘‘enlisted persons’’. 
(3) Section 5 (50 U.S.C. 3805) is amended— 
(A) in subsection (a)(1)— 
(i) by striking ‘‘on account of race or 
color’’ and inserting ‘‘on any basis set forth 
in section 703(a) of the Civil Rights Act of 
1964 (42 U.S.C. 2002e–2(a))’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘call for men’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘call for persons’’; and 
(B) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘men’’ 
each place it appears and inserting ‘‘per-
sons’’. 
(4) Section 6 (50 U.S.C. 3806) is amended— 
(A) in subsection (a)(1)— 
(i) by striking ‘‘enlisted men’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘enlisted persons’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘accrue to him’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘accrue to such alien’’; and 
(B) in subsection (h)— 
(i) by striking ‘‘(other than wives alone, 
except in cases of extreme hardship)’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘wives and children’’ and 
inserting ‘‘spouses and children’’. 
(5) Section 10(b)(3) (50 U.S.C. 3809(b)(3)) is 
amended by striking ‘‘the President is re-
quested’’ and all that follows through ‘‘race 
or national origin’’ and inserting ‘‘the Presi-
dent is requested to appoint the membership 
of each local board so that each board has 
both male and female members and, to the 
maximum extent practicable, it is propor-
tionately representative of those registrants 
within its jurisdiction in each applicable 
basis set forth in section 703(a) of the Civil 
Rights Act of 1964 (42 U.S.C. 2002e–2(a)), but 
no action by any board shall be declared in-
valid on the ground that such board failed to 
conform to such representation quota’’. 
(6) Section 16(a) (50 U.S.C. 3814(a)) is 
amended by striking ‘‘men’’ and inserting 
‘‘persons’’. 
(e) MAINTAINING THE HEALTH OF THE SELEC-
TIVE
SERVICE
SYSTEM.—Section 10(a) (50 
U.S.C. 3809(a)) is amended by adding at the 
end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(5) The Selective Service System shall 
conduct exercises periodically of all mobili-
zation plans, systems, and processes to 
evaluate and test the effectiveness of such 
plans, systems, and processes. Once every 4 
years, the exercise shall include the full 
range of internal and interagency procedures 
to ensure functionality and interoperability 
and may take place as part of the Depart-
ment of Defense mobilization exercise under 
section 10208 of title 10, United States Code. 
The Selective Service System shall conduct 
a public awareness campaign in conjunction 
with each exercise to communicate the pur-
pose of the exercise to the public.’’. 
(f) TECHNICAL
AND
CONFORMING
AMEND-
MENTS.—The Military Selective Service Act 
is amended— 
(1) in section 4 (50 U.S.C. 3803)— 
(A) in subsection (a) in the third undesig-
nated paragraph— 
(i) by striking ‘‘his acceptability in all re-
spects, including his’’ and inserting ‘‘such 
person’s acceptability in all respects, includ-
ing such person’s’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘he may prescribe’’ and in-
serting ‘‘the President may prescribe’’; 
(B) in subsection (c)— 
(i) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘any en-
listed member’’ and inserting ‘‘any person 
who is an enlisted member’’; and 
(ii) in paragraphs (3), (4), and (5), by strik-
ing ‘‘in which he resides’’ and inserting ‘‘in 
which such person resides’’; 
(C) in subsection (g), by striking ‘‘coordi-
nate with him’’ and inserting ‘‘coordinate 
with the Director’’; and 
(D) in subsection (k)(1), by striking ‘‘find-
ing by him’’ and inserting ‘‘finding by the 
President’’; 
(2) in section 5(d) (50 U.S.C. 3805(d)), by 
striking ‘‘he may prescribe’’ and inserting 
‘‘the President may prescribe’’; 
(3) in section 6 (50 U.S.C. 3806)— 
(A) in subsection (c)(2)(D), by striking ‘‘he 
may prescribe’’ and inserting ‘‘the President 
may prescribe’’; 
(B) in subsection (d)(3), by striking ‘‘he 
may deem appropriate’’ and inserting ‘‘the 
President considers appropriate’’; and 
(C) in subsection (h), by striking ‘‘he may 
prescribe’’ each place it appears and insert-
ing ‘‘the President may prescribe’’; 
(4) in section 10 (50 U.S.C. 3809)— 
(A) in subsection (b)— 
(i) in paragraph (3)— 
(I) by striking ‘‘He shall create’’ and in-
serting ‘‘The President shall create’’; and 
(II) by striking ‘‘upon his own motion’’ and 
inserting ‘‘upon the President’s own mo-
tion’’; 
(ii) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘his sta-
tus’’ and inserting ‘‘such individual’s sta-
tus’’; and 
(iii) in paragraphs (4), (6), (8), and (9), by 
striking ‘‘he may deem’’ each place it ap-
pears and inserting ‘‘the President con-
siders’’; and 
(B) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘vested in 
him’’ and inserting ‘‘vested in the Presi-
dent’’; 
(5) in section 13(b) (50 U.S.C. 3812(b)), by 
striking ‘‘regulation if he’’ and inserting 
‘‘regulation if the President’’; 
(6) in section 15 (50 U.S.C. 3813)— 
(A) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘his’’ 
each place it appears and inserting ‘‘the reg-
istrant’s’’; and 
(B) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘he may 
deem’’ and inserting ‘‘the President con-
siders’’; 
(7) in section 16(g) (50 U.S.C. 3814(g))— 
(A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘who as 
his regular and customary vocation’’ and in-
serting ‘‘who, as such person’s regular and 
customary vocation,’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2)— 
(i) by striking ‘‘one who as his customary 
vocation’’ and inserting ‘‘a person who, as 
such person’s customary vocation,’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘he is a member’’ and in-
serting ‘‘such person is a member’’; 
(8) in section 18(a) (50 U.S.C. 3816(a)), by 
striking ‘‘he is authorized’’ and inserting 
‘‘the President is authorized’’; 
(9) in section 21 (50 U.S.C. 3819)— 
(A) by striking ‘‘he is sooner’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘sooner’’; 
(B) by striking ‘‘he’’ each subsequent place 
it appears and inserting ‘‘such member’’; and 
(C) by striking ‘‘his consent’’ and inserting 
‘‘such member’s consent’’; 
(10) in section 22(b) (50 U.S.C. 3820(b)), in 
paragraphs (1) and (2), by striking ‘‘his’’ each 
place it appears and inserting ‘‘the reg-
istrant’s’’; and 
(11) except as otherwise provided in this 
section— 
(A) by striking ‘‘he’’ each place it appears 
and inserting ‘‘such person’’; 
(B) by striking ‘‘his’’ each place it appears 
and inserting ‘‘such person’s’’; 
(C) by striking ‘‘him’’ each place it appears 
and inserting ‘‘such person’’; and 
(D) by striking ‘‘present himself’’ each 
place it appears in section 12 (50 U.S.C. 3811) 
and inserting ‘‘appear’’. 
(g) EFFECTIVE
DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall take effect on the 
date of the enactment of this Act, except 
that the amendments made by subsection (d) 
shall take effect 1 year after such date of en-
actment. 
SEC. 
512. 
REPORT 
ON 
EXEMPTIONS 
AND 
DEFERMENTS FOR A POSSIBLE MILI-
TARY DRAFT. 
Not later than 120 days after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Director of 
the Selective Service System, in consulta-
tion with the Secretary of Defense and the 
Secretary of Homeland Security, shall sub-
mit to Congress a report providing a review 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00025
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 36-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8568 
November 19, 2021 
of exemptions and deferments from registra-
tion, training, and service under the Military 
Selective Service Act (50 U.S.C. 3801 et seq.) 
and of proposed revisions to those exemp-
tions and deferments, taking into account 
amendments to the Military Selective Serv-
ice Act under section 511(a) of this Act to re-
quire registration of all United States citi-
zens and persons residing in the United 
States. 
SEC. 513. REPORT ON PROCESSES AND PROCE-
DURES FOR APPEAL OF DENIAL OF 
STATUS OR BENEFITS FOR FAILURE 
TO REGISTER FOR SELECTIVE SERV-
ICE. 
(a) REPORT REQUIRED.—Not later than 180 
days after the date of the enactment of this 
Act, the Director of the Selective Service 
System shall submit to the appropriate com-
mittees of Congress a report setting forth 
the results of a review of the processes and 
procedures employed by agencies across the 
Federal Government for the appeal by indi-
viduals of a denial of status or benefits under 
Federal law for failure to register for selec-
tive service under the Military Selective 
Service Act (50 U.S.C. 3801 et seq.). 
(b) CONSULTATION.—The Director of the Se-
lective Service System shall carry out this 
section in consultation with the Secretary of 
Homeland Security, the Secretary of Edu-
cation, the Director of the Office of Per-
sonnel Management, and the heads of other 
appropriate Federal agencies. 
(c) ELEMENTS.—The report required by sub-
section (a) shall include the following: 
(1) A description and assessment of the 
various appeals processes and procedures de-
scribed in subsection (a), including— 
(A) a description of such processes and pro-
cedures; and 
(B) an assessment of— 
(i) the adequacy of notice provided for ap-
peals under such processes and procedures; 
(ii) the fairness of each such process and 
procedure; 
(iii) the ease of use of each such process 
and procedure; 
(iv) consistency in the application of such 
processes and procedures across the Federal 
Government; and 
(v) the applicability of an appeal granted 
by one Federal agency under such processes 
and procedures to the actions and decisions 
of another Federal agency on a similar ap-
peal. 
(2) Information on the number of waivers 
requested, and the number of waivers grant-
ed, during the 15-year period ending on the 
date of the enactment of this Act in connec-
tion with denial of status or benefits for fail-
ure to register for selective service. 
(3) An analysis and assessment of the rec-
ommendations of the National Commission 
on Military, National, and Public Service for 
reforming the rules and policies concerning 
failure to register for selective service. 
(4) Such recommendations for legislative 
or administrative action as the Director of 
the Selective Service System, and the con-
sulting officers pursuant to subsection (b), 
consider appropriate in light of the review 
conducted pursuant to subsection (a). 
(5) Such other matters in connection with 
the review conducted pursuant to subsection 
(a) as the Director considers appropriate. 
(d) APPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS 
DEFINED.—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-
priate committee of Congress’’ means— 
(1) the Committee on Armed Services and 
the Committee on Homeland Security and 
Governmental Affairs of the Senate; and 
(2) the Committee on Armed Services and 
the Committee on Oversight and Reform of 
the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 514. RESPONSIBILITIES FOR NATIONAL MO-
BILIZATION; PERSONNEL REQUIRE-
MENTS. 
(a) EXECUTIVE AGENT FOR NATIONAL MOBI-
LIZATION.—The Secretary of Defense shall 
designate a senior civilian official within the 
Office of the Secretary of Defense as the Ex-
ecutive Agent for National Mobilization. The 
Executive Agent for National Mobilization 
shall be responsible for— 
(1) developing, managing, and coordinating 
policy and plans that address the full spec-
trum of military mobilization readiness, in-
cluding full mobilization of personnel from 
volunteers to other persons inducted into the 
Armed Forces under the Military Selective 
Service Act (50 U.S.C. 3801 et seq.); 
(2) providing Congress and the Selective 
Service System with updated requirements 
and timelines for obtaining inductees in the 
event of a national emergency requiring 
mass mobilization and induction of per-
sonnel under the Military Selective Service 
Act for training and service in the Armed 
Forces; and 
(3) providing Congress with a plan, devel-
oped in coordination with the Selective 
Service System, to induct large numbers of 
volunteers who may respond to a national 
call for volunteers during an emergency. 
(b) REPORT REQUIRED.—Not later than one 
year after the date of the enactment of this 
Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to 
Congress a plan for obtaining inductees as 
part of a mobilization timeline for the Selec-
tive Service System. The plan shall include 
a description of resources, locations, and ca-
pabilities of the Armed Forces required to 
train, equip, and integrate personnel in-
ducted into the Armed Forces under the 
Military Selective Service Act into the total 
force, addressing scenarios that would in-
clude 300,000, 600,000, and 1,000,000 new volun-
teer and other personnel inducted into the 
Armed Forces under the Military Selective 
Service Act. The plan may be provided in 
classified form. 
SEC. 515. ENHANCEMENTS TO NATIONAL MOBILI-
ZATION EXERCISES. 
Section 10208 of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended by adding at the end the 
following new subsection: 
‘‘(c)(1) The Secretary shall, beginning in 
the first fiscal year that begins after the 
date of the enactment of this subsection, and 
every 5 years thereafter, as part of the major 
mobilization exercise under subsection (a), 
include the processes of the Selective Serv-
ice System in preparation for the induction 
of personnel into the armed forces under the 
Military Selective Service Act (50 U.S.C. 3801 
et seq.), and submit to Congress a report on 
the results of this exercise. The report may 
be submitted in classified form. 
‘‘(2) The exercise under this subsection— 
‘‘(A) shall include a review of national mo-
bilization strategic and operational con-
cepts; 
‘‘(B) shall include a simulation of a mobili-
zation of all armed forces and reserve units, 
with plans and processes for incorporating 
personnel inducted into the armed forces 
under the Military Selective Service Act and 
the large number of volunteers who may re-
spond to a national call for volunteers; and 
‘‘(C) shall involve the Selective Service 
System, the Department of Homeland Secu-
rity, the Department of Commerce, the De-
partment of Labor, and other relevant inter-
agency stakeholders.’’. 
PART II—OTHER MATTERS 
SEC. 518. MILITARY SERVICE INDEPENDENT RA-
CIAL DISPARITY REVIEW. 
(a) REVIEW REQUIRED.—Each Secretary of a 
military department shall conduct an assess-
ment of racial disparity in military justice 
and discipline processes and military per-
sonnel policies, as they pertain to minority 
populations. 
(b) REPORT REQUIRED.—Not later than one 
year after the date of the enactment of this 
Act, each Secretary concerned shall trans-
mit to the Committees on Armed Services of 
the Senate and the House of Representatives 
and the Comptroller General of the United 
States a report detailing the results of the 
assessment required by subsection (a), to-
gether with recommendations for statutory 
or regulatory changes as the Secretary con-
cerned determines appropriate. 
(c) COMPTROLLER
GENERAL
REPORT.—Not 
later than 180 days after receiving the re-
ports submitted under subsection (b), the 
Comptroller General shall submit to the 
Committees on Armed Services of the Senate 
and the House of Representatives a report 
comparing the military service assessments 
on racial disparity to existing reports assess-
ing racial disparity in civilian criminal jus-
tice systems in the United States. 
(d) DEFINITIONS.—In this section: 
(1) MILITARY
JUSTICE; 
DISCIPLINE
PROC-
ESSES.—The terms ‘‘military justice’’ and 
‘‘discipline processes’’ refer to all facets of 
the military justice system, including inves-
tigation, the use of administrative separa-
tions and other administrative sanctions, 
non-judicial punishment, panel selection, 
pre-trial confinement, the use of solitary 
confinement, dispositions of courts-martial, 
sentencing, and post-trial processes. 
(2) MILITARY
PERSONNEL
POLICIES.—The 
term ‘‘military personnel policies’’ includes 
accession rates and policies, retention rates 
and policies, promotion rates, assignments, 
professional military education selection 
and policies, and career opportunity for mi-
nority members of the Armed Forces. 
(3) MINORITY POPULATIONS.—The term ‘‘mi-
nority populations’’ includes Black, His-
panic, Asian/Pacific Islander, American In-
dian, and Alaska Native populations. 
SEC. 519. APPEALS TO PHYSICAL EVALUATION 
BOARD DETERMINATIONS OF FIT-
NESS FOR DUTY. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the Secretary of De-
fense shall incorporate a formal appeals 
process into the policies and procedures ap-
plicable to the implementation of the Inte-
grated Disability Evaluation System of the 
Department of Defense. The appeals process 
shall include the following: 
(1) The Secretary concerned shall ensure 
that a member of the Armed Forces may 
submit a formal appeal made with respect to 
determinations of fitness for duty to a Phys-
ical Evaluation Board of such Secretary. 
(2) The appeals process shall include, at the 
request of such member, an impartial hear-
ing on a fitness for duty determination to be 
conducted by the Secretary concerned. 
(3) Such member shall have the option to 
be represented at a hearing by legal counsel. 
SEC. 520. EXTENSION OF PAID PARENTAL LEAVE. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Section 701 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (i)— 
(A) in paragraph (1)— 
(i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘a 
member’’ and all that follows through the 
period at the end and inserting the following: 
‘‘a member of the armed forces described in 
paragraph (2) is allowed up to a total of 12 
weeks of parental leave during the one-year 
period beginning after the following events: 
‘‘(i) The birth or adoption of a child of the 
member and in order to care for such child. 
‘‘(ii) The placement of a minor child with 
the member for adoption or foster care.’’; 
and 
(ii) by striking subparagraph (B) and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(B)(i) The Secretary concerned, under 
uniform regulations to be prescribed by the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00026
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 37-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8569 
November 19, 2021 
Secretary of Defense, may authorize leave 
described under subparagraph (A) to be 
taken after the one-year period described in 
such paragraph in the case of a member de-
scribed in paragraph (2) who, except for this 
subparagraph, would lose unused parental 
leave at the end of the one-year period de-
scribed in subparagraph (A) as a result of— 
‘‘(I) operational requirements; 
‘‘(II) professional military education obli-
gations; or 
‘‘(III) other circumstances that the Sec-
retary determines reasonable and appro-
priate. 
‘‘(ii) The regulations prescribed under 
clause (i) shall require that any leave au-
thorized to be taken after the one-year pe-
riod described in subparagraph (A) shall be 
taken within a reasonable period of time, as 
determined by the Secretary of Defense, 
after cessation of the circumstances war-
ranting the extended deadline.’’; 
(B) by striking paragraphs (3), (8), and (10) 
and redesignating paragraphs (4), (5), (6), (7), 
and (9) as paragraphs (3), (4), (5), (6), and (7), 
respectively; 
(C) in paragraph (3), as redesignated by 
subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘a member 
may receive more than six weeks of medical 
convalescent leave in connection with the 
birth of a child, but only if the additional 
medical convalescent leave’’ and inserting 
‘‘a member who has given birth may take 
convalescent leave in conjunction with the 
birth of a child. Any medical convalescent 
leave taken by a member that has given 
birth shall be used concurrently with the 
member’s 12-week parental leave entitle-
ment. Medical convalescent leave in excess 
of twelve weeks may be authorized if addi-
tional medical convalescent leave’’; 
(D) in paragraph (4), as so redesignated, by 
striking ‘‘paragraphs (1) and (4)’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘paragraphs (1) and (3)’’; 
(E) in paragraph (5)(A), as so redesignated, 
by inserting ‘‘, subject to the exceptions in 
paragraph (1)(B)(ii)’’ after ‘‘shall be for-
feited’’; and 
(F) in paragraph (7)(B), as so redesignated, 
by striking ‘‘paragraph (4)’’ and inserting 
‘‘paragraph (3)’’; and 
(2) by striking subsection (j) and redesig-
nating subsections (k) and (l) as subsections 
(j) and (k), respectively. 
(b) EFFECTIVE
DATE.—The amendments 
made by subsection (a) shall take effect one 
year after the date of the enactment of this 
Act. 
(c) REGULATIONS.—Not later than one year 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
the Secretary of Defense shall prescribe reg-
ulations 
implementing 
the 
amendments 
made by subsection (a). 
SEC. 520A. BEREAVEMENT LEAVE FOR MEMBERS 
OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Section 701 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at 
the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(m)(1)(A) Under regulations prescribed by 
the Secretary of Defense, a member of the 
armed forces described in subparagraph (B) 
is allowed up to two weeks of leave to be 
used in connection with the death of an im-
mediate family member. 
‘‘(B) Subparagraph (A) applies to the fol-
lowing members: 
‘‘(A) A member on active duty. 
‘‘(B) A member of a reserve component per-
forming active Guard and Reserve duty. 
‘‘(C) A member of a reserve component sub-
ject to an active duty recall or mobilization 
order in excess of 12 months. 
‘‘(2) Under the regulations prescribed for 
purposes of this subsection, a member taking 
leave under paragraph (1) shall not have his 
or her leave account reduced as a result of 
taking such leave if such member’s accrued 
leave is fewer than 30 days. Members with 30 
or more days of accrued leave shall be 
charged for bereavement leave until such 
point that the member’s accrued leave is less 
than 30 days. Any remaining bereavement 
leave taken by such member in accordance 
with paragraph (1) after such point shall not 
be chargeable to the member. 
‘‘(3) IMMEDIATE FAMILY MEMBER DEFINED.— 
In this section, the term ‘immediate family 
member’, with respect to a member of the 
armed forces, means— 
‘‘(A) the member’s spouse; or 
‘‘(B) a child of the member.’’. 
(b) 
EFFECTIVE
DATE.—The 
amendment 
made by subsection (a) shall take effect 180 
days after the date of the enactment of this 
Act. 
Subtitle C—Prevention and Response to Sex-
ual Assault, Harassment, and Related Mis-
conduct, and Other Military Justice Mat-
ters 
SEC. 521. DOD SAFE HELPLINE AUTHORIZATION 
TO PERFORM INTAKE OF OFFICIAL 
RESTRICTED 
AND 
UNRESTRICTED 
REPORTS FOR ELIGIBLE ADULT SEX-
UAL ASSAULT VICTIMS. 
Section 584 of the National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Public 
Law 112–81; 10 U.S.C. 1561 note) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsection (d) as sub-
section (e); and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-
lowing new subsection: 
‘‘(d) 
AUTHORIZATIONS
FOR
DOD 
SAFE 
HELPLINE.— 
‘‘(1) PROVIDING SUPPORT AND RECEIVING OF-
FICIAL REPORTS.—DoD Safe Helpline (or any 
successor service to DoD Safe Helpline, if 
any, as identified by the Secretary of De-
fense) is authorized to provide crisis inter-
vention and support and to perform the in-
take of official reports of sexual assault from 
eligible adult sexual assault victims who 
contact the DoD Safe Helpline or other re-
ports as directed by the Secretary of De-
fense. 
‘‘(2) TRAINING
AND
OVERSIGHT.—DoD Safe 
Helpline staff shall have specialized training 
and appropriate certification to support eli-
gible adult sexual assault victims. 
‘‘(3) ELIGIBILITY
AND
PROCEDURES.—The 
Secretary of Defense shall prescribe regula-
tions regarding eligibility for DoD Safe 
Helpline services, procedures for providing 
crisis intervention and support, and accept-
ing reports. 
‘‘(4) ELECTRONIC
RECEIPT
OF
OFFICIAL
RE-
PORTS OF ADULT SEXUAL ASSAULTS.—DoD Safe 
Helpline shall provide the ability to receive 
reports of adult sexual assaults through the 
DoD Safe Helpline website and mobile phone 
applications, in a secure manner consistent 
with appropriate protection of victim pri-
vacy, and may offer other methods of receiv-
ing electronic submission of adult sexual as-
sault reports, as appropriate, in a manner 
that appropriately protects victim privacy. 
‘‘(5) TYPES OF REPORTS.—Reports of sexual 
assault from eligible adult sexual assault 
victims received by DoD Safe Helpline (or a 
successor as determined by the Secretary of 
Defense) shall include unrestricted and re-
stricted reports, or other reports as directed 
by the Secretary of Defense. 
‘‘(6) OPTION FOR ENTRY INTO THE CATCH A SE-
RIAL OFFENDER SYSTEM.—An individual mak-
ing a restricted report (or a relevant suc-
cessor type of report or other type of appro-
priate report, as determined by the Sec-
retary of Defense) to the DoD Safe Helpline 
(or a successor as determined by the Sec-
retary of Defense) shall have the option to 
submit information related to their report to 
the CATCH A SERIAL OFFENDER system 
(or its successor or similar system as deter-
mined by the Secretary of Defense).’’. 
SEC. 522. ASSESSMENT OF RELATIONSHIP BE-
TWEEN 
COMMAND 
CLIMATE 
AND 
THE PREVENTION AND ADJUDICA-
TION OF MILITARY SEXUAL MIS-
CONDUCT. 
(a) ASSESSMENT REQUIRED.—The Secretary 
of Defense shall require the Secretaries of 
the military departments to conduct not 
fewer than six independent reviews at mili-
tary installations under the control of the 
Secretary concerned to assess the command 
climate at such military installations, to in-
clude a review of those installations’ pro-
grams to prevent and respond to sexual as-
sault and sexual harassment, organizational 
climate, gender discrimination, and support 
of survivors. 
(b) 
LOCATIONS.—The 
assessments 
con-
ducted under subsection (a) shall be con-
ducted at— 
(1) not fewer than three installations, in-
cluding at least one Navy ship, with the 
highest risk of sexual assault, as defined by 
the Secretary of Defense; and 
(2) not fewer than three installations, in-
cluding at least one Navy ship, with the low-
est risk of sexual assault, as defined by the 
Secretary of Defense. 
(c) PARAMETERS.— 
(1) INDEPENDENCE.—The assessments con-
ducted under this section may be comprised 
of civilian and military personnel, include 
the membership of, and input from, the Of-
fice of the Department of Defense Inspector 
General, and include individuals possessing 
the appropriate level of experience to con-
duct assessments of command climate. The 
members conducting an assessment of a par-
ticular military installation shall be inde-
pendent from the military service assessed, 
the chain of command involved, and the in-
stallation that is the focus of the review. 
(2) DATA SURVEYED.—The assessment shall 
leverage command climate surveys, inter-
views, focus groups, independent research 
and materials, media reports, and other 
means as determined by the Secretary of De-
fense. 
(d) USE OF RESULTS.—The results of the as-
sessment shall be used to inform best prac-
tices in supporting a climate that supports 
prevention programs and survivors at mili-
tary installations. The best practices shall 
be shared throughout the Department of De-
fense, including with the installations in-
cluded in the assessment, and in a publicly 
available report. 
(e) COMPLETION
AND REPORTING.—The as-
sessment under this section shall be com-
pleted not later than 18 months after the 
date of the enactment of this Act. Not later 
than 30 days after the assessment is com-
pleted, the Secretary of Defense shall submit 
a report with findings to the Committee on 
Armed Services of the Senate and the Com-
mittee on Armed Services of the House of 
Representatives. 
SEC. 523. POLICY FOR ENSURING THE ANNUAL 
REPORT REGARDING SEXUAL AS-
SAULTS INVOLVING MEMBERS OF 
THE ARMED FORCES INCLUDES IN-
FORMATION ON RACE AND ETH-
NICITY OF VICTIMS. 
The Secretary of Defense shall prescribe 
policy requiring information on the race and 
ethnicity of victims and accused individuals 
to be included to the maximum extent prac-
ticable in the annual report required under 
section 1631 of the Ike Skelton National De-
fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 
(Public Law 111–383; 10 U.S.C. 1561 note). The 
policy may provide for the exclusion of such 
information based on privacy concerns, im-
pacts on accountability efforts, or other 
matters of importance as determined and 
identified in such policy by the Secretary. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00027
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 38-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8570 
November 19, 2021 
SEC. 524. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE TRACKING 
OF ALLEGATIONS OF RETALIATION 
BY VICTIMS OF SEXUAL ASSAULT OR 
SEXUAL 
HARASSMENT 
AND 
RE-
LATED PERSONS. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Chapter 80 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by inserting 
after section 1562 the following new section: 
‘‘§ 1562a. Complaints of retaliation by victims 
of sexual assault or sexual harassment and 
related persons: tracking by Department of 
Defense 
‘‘(a) DESIGNATION OF RESPONSIBLE COMPO-
NENT.—The Secretary of Defense shall des-
ignate a component of the Office of the Sec-
retary of Defense to be responsible for docu-
menting and tracking all covered allegations 
of retaliation and shall ensure that the Sec-
retaries concerned and the Inspector General 
of the Department of Defense provide to such 
component the information required to be 
documented and tracked as described in sub-
section (b). 
‘‘(b) TRACKING OF ALLEGATIONS.—The head 
of the component designated by the Sec-
retary under subsection (a) shall document 
and track each covered allegation of retalia-
tion, including— 
‘‘(1) that such an allegation has been re-
ported and by whom; 
‘‘(2) the date of the report; 
‘‘(3) the nature of the allegation and the 
name of the person or persons alleged to 
have engaged in such retaliation; 
‘‘(4) the Department of Defense component 
or other entity responsible for the investiga-
tion of or inquiry into the allegation; 
‘‘(5) the entry of findings; 
‘‘(6) referral of such findings to a decision-
maker for review and action, as appropriate; 
‘‘(7) the outcome of final action; and 
‘‘(8) any other element of information per-
taining to the allegation determined appro-
priate by the Secretary or the head of the 
component designated by the Secretary. 
‘‘(c) COVERED ALLEGATION OF RETALIATION 
DEFINED.—In this section, the term ‘covered 
allegation of retaliation’ means an allega-
tion of retaliation— 
‘‘(1) made by— 
‘‘(A) an alleged victim of sexual assault or 
sexual harassment; 
‘‘(B) an individual charged with providing 
services or support to an alleged victim of 
sexual assault or sexual harassment; 
‘‘(C) a witness or bystander to an alleged 
sexual assault or sexual harassment; or 
‘‘(D) any other person associated with an 
alleged victim of a sexual assault or sexual 
harassment; and 
‘‘(2) without regard to whether the allega-
tion is reported to or investigated or in-
quired into by— 
‘‘(A) the Department of Defense Inspector 
General or any other inspector general; 
‘‘(B) a military criminal investigative or-
ganization; 
‘‘(C) a commander or other person at the 
direction of the commander; 
‘‘(D) another military or civilian law en-
forcement organization; or 
‘‘(E) any other organization, officer, or em-
ployee of the Department of Defense.’’. 
(b) CLERICAL
AMENDMENT.—The table of 
sections at the beginning of chapter 80 of 
title 10, United States Code, is amended by 
inserting after the item relating to section 
1562 the following new item: 
‘‘1562a. Complaints of retaliation by victims 
of sexual assault or sexual har-
assment and related persons: 
tracking by Department of De-
fense.’’. 
SEC. 525. SPECIAL VICTIM’S COUNSEL REPRESEN-
TATION OF CIVILIAN VICTIMS OF 
SEX-RELATED OFFENSES. 
Section 1044e(a)(2) of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended by adding at the end the 
following new subparagraph: 
‘‘(D) A civilian who is a victim of an al-
leged sex-related offense, if the alleged per-
petrator was subject to the jurisdiction of 
the Uniform Code of Military Justice at the 
time of the offense.’’. 
SEC. 526. NOTICE TO VICTIMS OF FURTHER AD-
MINISTRATIVE ACTION FOLLOWING 
A DETERMINATION NOT TO REFER 
TO TRIAL BY COURT-MARTIAL. 
Section 549 of the National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2020 (Public 
Law 116–92; 10 U.S.C. 806b note) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘Under regulations’’ and in-
serting ‘‘Notwithstanding section 552a of 
title 5, United States Code (commonly re-
ferred to as the ‘Privacy Act’ or the ‘Privacy 
Act of 1974’) and under regulations’’; 
(2) by striking ‘‘alleged sexual assault’’ and 
inserting ‘‘an alleged sex-related offense’’; 
and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
sentence: ‘‘Upon such final determination, 
the commander shall notify the victim of the 
type of action taken on such case, the out-
come of the action (including any punish-
ments assigned or characterization of serv-
ice, as applicable), and such other informa-
tion as the commander determines to be rel-
evant.’’. 
SEC. 527. RECOMMENDATIONS ON SEPARATE PU-
NITIVE ARTICLE IN THE UNIFORM 
CODE OF MILITARY JUSTICE ON VIO-
LENT EXTREMISM. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of 
Defense shall submit to the Committees on 
Armed Services of the Senate and the House 
of Representatives a report containing such 
recommendations as the Secretary considers 
appropriate with respect to the establish-
ment of a separate punitive article in chap-
ter 47 of title 10, United States Code (the 
Uniform Code of Military Justice), on vio-
lent extremism. 
SEC. 528. DETERMINATION AND REPORTING OF 
MISSING, ABSENT UNKNOWN, AB-
SENT WITHOUT LEAVE, AND DUTY 
STATUS-WHEREABOUTS 
UNKNOWN 
SERVICE MEMBERS. 
(a) COMPREHENSIVE
REVIEW
OF
MISSING 
PERSONS REPORTING.—The Secretary of De-
fense shall instruct the Secretary of each 
military department to undertake a com-
prehensive review of the department’s poli-
cies and procedures for determining and re-
porting service members as missing, absent 
unknown, absent without leave, or duty sta-
tus-whereabouts unknown. 
(b) REVIEW OF INSTALLATION-LEVEL PROCE-
DURES.—In addition to such other require-
ments as may be set forth by the Secretary 
of Defense pursuant to subsection (a), the 
Secretary of each military department shall 
with regard to the department concerned— 
(1) direct each military installation, in-
cluding any tenant command or activity 
present on such installation, to review its 
policies and procedures for carrying out the 
determination and reporting activities de-
scribed under subsection (a); and 
(2) update such installation-level policies 
and procedures, including any tenant com-
mand or activity policies and procedures, 
with a view towards force protection, en-
hanced security for service members living 
on the military installation, and prioritizing 
reporting at the earliest practicable time to 
local law enforcement at all levels, and Fed-
eral law enforcement field offices with over-
lapping jurisdiction with that installation, 
when a service member is determined to be 
missing, absent unknown, absent without 
leave, or duty status-whereabouts unknown. 
(c) INSTALLATION-SPECIFIC REPORTING PRO-
TOCOLS.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—The commander of each 
military installation shall establish a pro-
tocol applicable to all persons and organiza-
tions present on the installation, including 
tenant commands and activities, for sharing 
information with local and Federal law en-
forcement agencies about service members 
who are missing, absent-unknown, absent 
without leave, or duty status-whereabouts 
unknown. The protocol shall provide for the 
an immediate entry regarding the service 
member concerned in the Missing Persons 
File of the National Crimes Information Cen-
ter data and for the commander to imme-
diately notify all local law enforcement 
agencies with jurisdictions in the immediate 
area of the military installation, when the 
status of a service member assigned to such 
installation has been determined to be miss-
ing, absent unknown, absent without leave, 
or duty status-whereabouts unknown. 
(2) REPORTING
TO
MILITARY
INSTALLATION 
COMMAND.—The commander of each military 
installation shall submit the protocol estab-
lished pursuant to paragraph (1) to the Sec-
retary of the military department concerned. 
SEC. 529. CONDUCT UNBECOMING AN OFFICER. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Section 933 of title 10, 
United States Code (article 133 of the Uni-
form Code of Military Justice) is amended— 
(1) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘and 
a gentleman’’; and 
(2) by striking ‘‘and a gentleman’’. 
(b) CLERICAL
AMENDMENT.—The table of 
sections at the beginning of subchapter X of 
chapter 47 of such title is amended in the 
item relating to section 933 (article 133) by 
striking ‘‘and a gentleman’’. 
SEC. 530. ANALYSIS OF THE USE OF NON-JUDI-
CIAL PUNISHMENT. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of Defense 
shall conduct statistical analysis of informa-
tion on punishments imposed under section 
815 of title 10, United States Code (article 15 
of the Uniform Code of Military Justice). 
(b) 
SCOPE.—The 
information 
analyzed 
under subsection (a) shall include the fol-
lowing: 
(1) The race, ethnicity, gender, rank, and 
grade of— 
(A) members of the armed forces punished 
under section 815 of title 10, United States 
Code (article 15 of the Uniform Code of Mili-
tary Justice); 
(B) commanders who imposed such punish-
ment; and 
(C) victims of the conduct for which such 
punishment was imposed. 
(2) For punishments imposed under such 
section (article), the Secretary shall— 
(A) analyze the offenses under this chapter 
for which punishment was imposed; and 
(B) analyze investigations conducted be-
fore the imposition of punishment. 
SEC. 530A. SEXUAL ASSAULT RESPONSE COORDI-
NATOR 
MILITARY 
OCCUPATIONAL 
SPECIALTY. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the 
congressional defense committees a report 
on the optimal execution of a Sexual Assault 
Response Coordinator (SARC) Military Occu-
pational Specialty (MOS). 
(b) ELEMENTS.—The report required under 
subsection (a) shall include the following ele-
ments: 
(1) A recommendation on the required rank 
and experience of a SARC MOS. 
(2) Recommendations for strengthening re-
cruitment and retention of members of the 
Armed Forces of the required rank and expe-
rience identified under paragraph (1), includ-
ing— 
(A) designating SARC as a secondary MOS 
instead of a primary MOS; 
(B) providing initial or recurrent bonuses 
or duty stations of choice to service mem-
bers who qualify for the SARC MOS; 
(C) limiting the amount of time that a 
service member who has qualified for the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00028
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 39-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8571 
November 19, 2021 
SARC MOS can serve as a SARC in a given 
period of time; or 
(D) requiring evaluations for service mem-
bers who have qualified for the SARC MOS 
and are serving as a SARC to be completed 
by an officer of the rank of O–6 or higher. 
(3) Recommendations for standardizing 
training and education for service members 
seeking a SARC MOS or serving as a SARC, 
including 
by 
institutionalizing 
relevant 
academies for each of the services. 
(4) An analysis of the impact of a SARC 
MOS on the talent management of the exist-
ing SARC program, including recruitment 
and retention. 
(5) An analysis of the requirements for a 
SARC-specific chain of command. 
(6) A plan to execute a SARC MOS within 
two years. 
(7) Analysis of the cost of a SARC MOS 
program. 
(8) Any other matter the Secretary of De-
fense considers relevant for inclusion. 
(c) BRIEFING.—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the 
Secretary of Defense shall provide the con-
gressional defense committees a briefing on 
the report required under subsection (a). 
SEC. 530B. IMPLEMENTATION OF RECOMMENDA-
TIONS OF THE INDEPENDENT RE-
VIEW COMMISSION ON SEXUAL AS-
SAULT IN THE MILITARY. 
(a) IRC REPORT DEFINED.—In this section, 
the term ‘‘IRC report’’ means the 2021 report 
entitled, ‘‘Hard Truths and the Duty to 
Change: Recommendations from the Inde-
pendent Review Commission on Sexual As-
sault in the Military’’. 
(b) LINE
OF EFFORT 2.—The Secretary of 
Defense shall implement the following rec-
ommendations included in Line of Effort 2: 
Prevention of section III of the IRC report: 
(1) 2.1 Equip all leaders with prevention 
competencies and evaluate their perform-
ance. 
(A) 2.1 a The Under Secretary of Defense 
for Personnel and Readiness (USD(P&R)) 
should define the competencies leaders must 
have to oversee prevention. 
(B) 2.1 b The Services and the National 
Guard Bureau (NGB) should develop and hold 
leaders appropriately accountable for pre-
vention. 
(C) 2.1 c The Services and the NGB should 
equip all leaders to develop and deliver in-
formed prevention messages in formal and 
informal settings. 
(2) 2.2 Establish a dedicated primary pre-
vention workforce 
(A) 2.2 a USD(P&R) should develop a model 
for a dedicated and capable prevention work-
force. 
(B) 2.2 b USD(P&R) should develop a pro-
fessional credential for the prevention work-
force. 
(C) 2.2 c The Services should determine the 
optimum full-time prevention workforce, 
and equip all echelons of active duty, re-
serve, and guard organizations. 
(3) 2.3 Implement community-level preven-
tion strategies unique to Service members’ 
environments. 
(A) 2.3 a The Services and the NGB should 
resource and implement prevention strate-
gies at organizational and community levels. 
(B) 2.3 b USD(P&R) should identify a non- 
clinical OSD-level Office of Primary Respon-
sibility for alcohol policy and develop rel-
evant policy guidance and oversight. 
(4) 2.4 Modernize prevention education and 
skill-building to reflect today’s generation of 
Service members. 
(5) 2.5 Identify and actively support Service 
members with the most effective prevention 
interventions. 
(A) 2.5 a The Services and the NGB should 
institute a pilot program to link Service 
members with resources and support. 
(B) 2.5 b The Services and the NGB should 
employ virtual platforms to provide support 
to all Service members. 
(6) 2.6 Create a state-of-the-art DoD pre-
vention research capability. 
(A) 2.6 a DoD should establish a dedicated 
research center for the primary prevention 
of interpersonal and self-directed violence. 
(B) 2.6 b USD(P&R), the Services, and the 
NGB should continually review and update 
all policies that unnecessarily restrict data 
collection on important populations of Serv-
ice members. 
(C) 2.6 c The Secretary of Defense should 
immediately authorize operational testing of 
the Air Force Compatibility Assessment 
with a cross-Service pre-accession sample, 
allowing for important research and inter-
vention development. 
(D) 2.6 d The USD(P&R) should commission 
research on gender and masculinities to de-
velop effective social marketing strategies 
to facilitate primary prevention efforts. 
(7) 2.7 Establish a comprehensive National 
Guard primary prevention strategy. 
(A) 2.7 a The NGB should develop Army Na-
tional and Air National Guard prevention 
strategies aligned with DoD’s Prevention 
Plan of Action, based on the National 
Guard’s unique construct and missions. 
(B) 2.7 b USD(P&R) should submit a legis-
lative proposal providing authorization and 
funding for the NGB to conduct recurring 
National Guard unit inspections and staff as-
sistance visits for prevention oversight and 
assistance. 
(8) 2.8 USD(P&R) should update the De-
partment’s prevention strategy, including 
the DoD Prevention Plan of Action, to incor-
porate approved IRC recommendations. 
(c) LINE
OF EFFORT 3.—The Secretary of 
Defense shall implement the following rec-
ommendations included in Line of Effort 3: 
Climate and Culture of section III of the IRC 
report: 
(1) 3.1 USD(P&R) should codify in policy 
and direct the development and implementa-
tion of metrics related to sexual harassment 
and sexual assault as part of readiness track-
ing and reporting. 
(2) 3.2 USD(P&R) should direct the Services 
to educate the force about sexual harass-
ment and sexual assault within the context 
of the Services’ core values. 
(3) 3.3 DoD must execute on the principle 
that addressing sexual harassment and sex-
ual assault in the 21st century requires en-
gaging with the cyber domain. 
(A) 3.3 a Collect data to measure the prob-
lem of cyberharassment (and related harms). 
(B) 
3.3 
b 
Educate 
leaders 
on 
cyberharassment and technology-facilitated 
sexual harassment and sexual assault. 
(C) 3.3 c Hold Service members appro-
priately 
accountable 
who 
engage 
in 
cyberharassment and other forms of tech-
nology-facilitated sexual harassment and 
sexual assault. 
(4) 3.4 DoD should ensure that there is an 
internal focus on preventing sexual harm 
and gender-based violence across the force in 
implementing the 2017 National Women, 
Peace, and Security (WPS) Act. 
(A) 3.4 a Elevate and standardize the gen-
der advisor workforce. 
(B) 3.4 b Use qualitative data as part of in-
dicators for Defense Objective One of the 
WPS Strategic Framework. 
(C) 3.4 c Integrate a gender analysis into 
the military’s planning & operational frame-
works. 
(D) 3.4 d Review and revise Professional 
Military Education (PME) and DoD school-
house curricula to mainstream WPS prior-
ities. 
(E) 3.4 e Congress should support DoD’s in-
clusion of Personnel & Readiness in WPS im-
plementation and codify in legislation. 
(5) 3.5 Use qualitative data to select, de-
velop, and evaluate the right leaders for 
command positions. 
(A) 3.5 a Use qualitative data to select and 
develop the right leaders. 
(B) 3.5 b Include a meaningful narrative 
section in performance evaluations for offi-
cers and NCOs. 
(6) 3.6 Building a climate for the reduction 
of sexual harassment and sexual assault as a 
fundamental leader development require-
ment. 
(7) 3.7 USD(P&R) should undertake a series 
of enhancements to the climate survey proc-
ess to ensure that timely, actionable data 
can be used to improve unit climate on sex-
ual harassment and assault. 
(A) 3.7 a USD(P&R) should develop a stand-
ardized ‘‘pulse survey’’ tool that would en-
able unit-level commanders to collect real- 
time climate data on sexual harassment and 
sexual assault from Service members in 
their units between required administrations 
of the Defense Organizational Climate Sur-
vey (DEOCS). 
(B) 3.7 b The Secretary of Defense should 
direct the Services to develop a formal sys-
tem to share climate survey data at the unit 
level and initiate and evaluate corrective ac-
tion plans. 
(C) 3.7 c USD(P&R) should accelerate ef-
forts to develop a validated ‘‘Climate Bench-
mark’’ to measure healthy and unhealthy 
climate at the unit level. 
(D) 3.7 d The Secretary of Defense should 
assess whether current DoD policies, rel-
evant components, and the Service-level 
Equal Opportunity workforce have the ca-
pacity to help commanders resolve climate 
issues. 
(8) 3.8 The Services should publish the na-
ture and results of all disciplinary actions 
related to sexual misconduct and dissemi-
nate this information to troops periodically. 
(d) LINE
OF EFFORT 4.—The Secretary of 
Defense shall implement the following rec-
ommendations included in Line of Effort 4: 
Victim Care and Support of section III of the 
IRC report: 
(1) 4.1 Optimize the victim care and sup-
port workforce. 
(A) 4.1 a Move SARCs and SAPR VAs from 
the command reporting structure. 
(B) 4.1 b Eliminate collateral duty for 
SARCs and SAPR VAs, with exceptions for 
ships, submarines, and isolated installations. 
(C) 4.1 c Explore the co-location of SAPR 
and SHARP with other special victim serv-
ices, such as FAP, to improve coordination, 
collaboration, and consistency in victim sup-
port. 
(D) 4.1 d Train Independent Duty Corpsmen 
to be Sexual Assault Medical Forensic Ex-
aminers so patient care and evidence collec-
tion can be provided in deployed and isolated 
environments. 
(2) 4.2 Expand victim service options to 
meet the needs of all survivors of sexual as-
sault and sexual harassment. 
(A) 4.2 a Increase access to and visibility of 
civilian community-based care. 
(B) 4.2 b Authorize Service members to ac-
cess the full spectrum of VA services for con-
ditions related to military sexual assault 
and sexual harassment confidentially, and 
without a referral. 
(C) 4.2 c Expand access to CATCH to in-
clude victims of sexual harassment and en-
able Service members to self-service access 
to CATCH. 
(D) 4.2 d Create survivor-led peer support 
programs that allow for in-person, virtual, 
and telephone interaction. 
(E) 4.2 e Amplify victims’ rights and serv-
ices in the post-trial period. 
(3) 4.3 Center the survivor to facilitate 
healing and restoration. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00029
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 40-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8572 
November 19, 2021 
(A) 4.3 a Implement the No Wrong Door ap-
proach to sexual harassment, sexual assault, 
and domestic abuse across the Services and 
NGB. 
(B) 4.3 b Institute a ‘‘Commander’s Pack-
age’’ from the SAPR VA with recommenda-
tions for victim care and support. 
(C) 4.3 c Allow survivors flexibility to take 
non-chargeable time off for seeking services 
or time for recovery from sexual assault. 
(D) 4.3 d Increase victim agency and con-
trol of the response process by: maximizing 
adherence to survivor preference on report-
ing status, and centering survivor pref-
erences in expedited transfers. 
(E) 4.3 e Study the methods our allies have 
used to make amends to survivors, including 
restorative 
engagement 
to 
acknowledge 
harm, and potential victim compensation. 
(4) 4.4 Re-envision training and research to 
improve victim care and support. 
(A) 4.4 a Establish a Defense Sexual As-
sault and Sexual Harassment Center of Ex-
cellence that administers a core curriculum 
of trauma and response trainings for all 
SAPR VAs and SARCs, chaplains, and other 
response personnel. 
(B) 4.4 b Develop training to build the ca-
pacity of SARCs and SAPR VAs to provide 
culturally competent care to Service mem-
bers from communities of color, LGBTQ+ 
Service members, religious minorities, and 
men. 
(C) 4.4 c Revise and update training mod-
ules on appropriate response to sexual as-
sault and sexual harassment in PME for offi-
cers and NCOs. 
(D) 4.4 d Use an action research model to 
identify root problems, test interventions, 
and create best practices with survivors’ 
input. 
Subtitle D—Military Justice Reform and 
Sexual Assault Prevention 
PART I—MILITARY JUSTICE MATTERS 
SEC. 531. SPECIAL VICTIM PROSECUTORS. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Subchapter V of chapter 
47 of title 10, United States Code, is amended 
by inserting after section 824 (article 24 of 
the Uniform Code of Military Justice) the 
following new section: 
‘‘§ 824a. Art 24a. Special victim prosecutors 
‘‘(a) DETAIL
OF SPECIAL VICTIM PROSECU-
TORS AND ASSISTANT SPECIAL VICTIM PROS-
ECUTORS.—Each Secretary concerned shall 
detail commissioned officers to serve as spe-
cial victim prosecutors and assistant special 
victim prosecutors. 
‘‘(b) 
QUALIFICATIONS.—A 
special 
victim 
prosecutor or assistant special victim pros-
ecutor shall be a commissioned officer who— 
‘‘(1) is a member of the bar of a Federal 
court or a member of the bar of the highest 
court of a State; and 
‘‘(2) is certified to be qualified, by reason 
of education, training, experience, and tem-
perament, for duty as a special victim pros-
ecutor or assistant special victim prosecutor 
by the Judge Advocate General of the armed 
force of which the officer is a member. 
‘‘(c) DUTIES AND AUTHORITIES.— 
‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—Special victim prosecu-
tors and assistant special victim prosecutors 
shall carry out the duties described in this 
chapter (the Uniform Code of Military Jus-
tice) and any other duties prescribed by the 
Secretary of Defense, in consultation with 
the Secretary of Homeland Security (with 
respect to the Coast Guard when it is not op-
erating as a service in the Navy), by regula-
tion. 
‘‘(2) DETERMINATION OF SPECIAL VICTIM OF-
FENSE; RELATED CHARGES.— 
‘‘(A) AUTHORITY.—A special victim pros-
ecutor shall have exclusive authority to de-
termine if a reported offense is a special vic-
tim offense and shall exercise authority over 
any such offense in accordance with this 
chapter (the Uniform Code of Military Jus-
tice). 
‘‘(B) RELATED OFFENSES.—If a special vic-
tim prosecutor determines that a reported 
offense is a special victim offense, the spe-
cial victim prosecutor may also exercise au-
thority over any offense that the special vic-
tim prosecutor determines to be related to 
the special victim offense and any other of-
fense alleged to have been committed by a 
person alleged to have committed the special 
victim offense. 
‘‘(3) 
DISMISSAL; 
REFERRAL; 
PLEA
BAR-
GAINS.—Subject to paragraph (4), with re-
spect to charges and specifications alleging 
any offense over which a special victim pros-
ecutor exercises authority, a special victim 
prosecutor shall have exclusive authority to, 
in accordance with this chapter (the Uniform 
Code of Military Justice)— 
‘‘(A) on behalf of the Government, dismiss 
the charges and specifications or make a mo-
tion to dismiss the charges and specifica-
tions; 
‘‘(B) refer the charges and specifications 
for trial by a special or general court-mar-
tial; 
‘‘(C) enter into a plea agreement; and 
‘‘(D) determine if an ordered rehearing is 
impracticable. 
‘‘(4) DEFERRAL TO CONVENING AUTHORITY.— 
If a special victim prosecutor exercises au-
thority over an offense and elects not to pre-
fer charges and specifications for such of-
fense or, with respect to charges and speci-
fications for such offense preferred by a per-
son other than a special victim prosecutor, 
elects not to refer such charges and speci-
fications, a convening authority may exer-
cise any of the authorities of the convening 
authority under this chapter (the Uniform 
Code of Military Justice) with respect to 
such offense, except that the convening au-
thority may not refer charges and specifica-
tions for a special victim offense for trial by 
special or general court-martial.’’. 
(b) TABLE OF SECTIONS AMENDMENT.—The 
table of sections at the beginning of sub-
chapter V of chapter 47 of title 10, United 
States Code (the Uniform Code of Military 
Justice), is amended by inserting after the 
item relating to section 824 (article 24) the 
following new item: 
‘‘824a. Art 24a. Special victim prosecutors.’’. 
SEC. 532. POLICIES WITH RESPECT TO SPECIAL 
VICTIM PROSECUTORS. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Chapter 53 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by inserting 
after section 1044e the following new section: 
‘‘§ 1044f. Policies with respect to special vic-
tim prosecutors 
‘‘(a) POLICIES REQUIRED.—The Secretary of 
Defense shall establish policies with respect 
to the appropriate mechanisms and proce-
dures that the Secretaries of the military de-
partments shall establish and carry out re-
lating to the activities of special victim 
prosecutors, including expected milestones 
for the Secretaries to fully implement such 
mechanisms and procedures. The policies 
shall include the following: 
‘‘(1) Provide for the establishment of a 
dedicated office in the Secretariat of each 
military department from which office the 
activities of the special victim prosecutors 
of the military services concerned shall be 
supervised and overseen. 
‘‘(2) Direct each Secretary of a military de-
partment to appoint one lead special victim 
prosecutor for each military service under 
the authority, direction, and control of the 
Secretary concerned, which lead special 
prosecutor shall be a judge advocate of that 
service in a grade no lower than O–6, with 
significant experience in military justice, 
who shall be responsible for the overall su-
pervision and oversight of the activities of 
the special victim prosecutors of that serv-
ice. 
‘‘(3) Direct each Secretary of a military de-
partment to designate one of the lead special 
victim prosecutors appointed pursuant to 
paragraph (2) to lead the office required to be 
established pursuant to paragraph (1). 
‘‘(4) Ensure that the office created pursu-
ant to paragraph (1), the lead special victim 
prosecutors and other personnel assigned or 
detailed to the office, and the special victim 
prosecutors of the military services con-
cerned— 
‘‘(A) are independent of the military chains 
of command of both the victims and those 
accused of special victim offenses and any 
other offenses over which a special victim 
prosecutor at any time exercises authority 
in accordance with section 824a of this title 
(article 24a of the Uniform Code of Military 
Justice); and 
‘‘(B) conduct assigned activities free from 
unlawful or unauthorized influence or coer-
cion. 
‘‘(5) Provide that special victim prosecu-
tors and assistant special victim prosecutors 
shall be well-trained, experienced, highly 
skilled, and competent in handling special 
victim cases. 
‘‘(6) Provide that commanders of the vic-
tim and the accused in a special victim case 
shall have the opportunity to provide their 
candid input to the special victim prosecutor 
regarding case disposition, but that the 
input is not binding on the special victim 
prosecutor. 
‘‘(b) UNIFORMITY.—The Secretary of De-
fense shall ensure that any lack of uni-
formity in the implementation of policies, 
mechanisms, 
and 
procedures 
established 
under subsection (a) does not render uncon-
stitutional any such policy, mechanism, or 
procedure. 
‘‘(c) REPORT.—Not later than 270 days after 
the date of the enactment of this section, the 
Secretary of Defense shall submit to the 
Committee on Armed Services of the Senate 
and the Committee on Armed Services of the 
House of Representatives a report setting 
forth the policies proposed to be established 
pursuant to subsection (a) and the expected 
roadmap and milestones for the implementa-
tion of such policies and the mechanisms and 
procedures to which they apply. 
‘‘(d) QUARTERLY BRIEFING.—Not later than 
January 1, 2023, and at the beginning of each 
fiscal quarter thereafter until the policies 
established pursuant to subsection (a) and 
the mechanisms and procedures to which 
they apply are fully implemented and oper-
ational, the Secretary of Defense and the 
Secretaries of the military departments 
shall jointly provide to the Committee on 
Armed Services of the Senate and the Com-
mittee on Armed Services of the House of 
Representatives a briefing detailing the ac-
tions taken and progress made by the Office 
of the Secretary of Defense and each of the 
military departments in meeting the mile-
stones established as required by subsection 
(a).’’. 
(b) CLERICAL
AMENDMENT.—The table of 
sections at the beginning of chapter 53 of 
title 10, United States Code, is amended by 
inserting after the item relating to section 
1044e the following new item: 
‘‘1044f. Department of Defense policies with 
respect to special victim pros-
ecutors.’’. 
SEC. 533. DEFINITION OF MILITARY MAGISTRATE, 
SPECIAL VICTIM OFFENSE, AND SPE-
CIAL VICTIM PROSECUTOR. 
Section 801 of title 10, United States Code 
(article 1 of the Uniform Code of Military 
Justice), is amended— 
(1) by inserting after paragraph (10) the fol-
lowing new paragraph: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00030
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 41-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8573 
November 19, 2021 
‘‘(11) The term ‘military magistrate’ means 
a commissioned officer certified for duty as 
a military magistrate in accordance with 
section 826a of this title (article 26a of the 
Uniform Code of Military Justice).’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraphs: 
‘‘(17) The term ‘special victim offense’ 
means— 
‘‘(A) an offense under section 917a (article 
117a), section 920 (article 120), section 920b 
(article 120b), section 920c (article 120c), sec-
tion 928b (article 128b), section 930 (article 
130), section 932 (article 132), the standalone 
offense of sexual harassment punishable 
under section 934 (article 134), or the stand-
alone offense of child pornography punish-
able under section 934 (article 134) of this 
chapter (the Uniform Code of Military Jus-
tice); 
‘‘(B) a conspiracy to commit an offense 
specified in subparagraph (A) as punishable 
under section 881 of this title (article 81); 
‘‘(C) a solicitation to commit an offense 
specified in subparagraph (A) as punishable 
under section 882 of this title (article 82); or 
‘‘(D) an attempt to commit an offense spec-
ified in subparagraph (A), (B), or (C) as pun-
ishable under section 880 of this title (article 
80). 
‘‘(17) The term ‘special victim prosecutor’ 
means a judge advocate detailed as a special 
victim prosecutor in accordance with section 
824a of this title (article 24a of the Uniform 
Code of Military Justice).’’. 
SEC. 534. CLARIFICATION OF APPLICABILITY OF 
DOMESTIC VIOLENCE AND STALK-
ING TO DATING PARTNERS. 
(a) ARTICLE
128B; DOMESTIC
VIOLENCE.— 
Section 928b of title 10, United States Code 
(article 128b of the Uniform Code of Military 
Justice), is amended— 
(1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), 
by striking ‘‘Any person’’ and inserting ‘‘(a) 
IN GENERAL.—Any person’’; 
(2) in subsection (a), as designated by para-
graph (1) of this subsection, by inserting ‘‘a 
dating partner,’’ after ‘‘an intimate part-
ner,’’ each place it appears; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
subsection: 
‘‘(b) DEFINITIONS.—In this section (article), 
the terms ‘dating partner’, ‘immediate fam-
ily’, and ‘intimate partner’ have the meaning 
given such terms in section 930 of this title 
(article 130 of the Uniform Code of Military 
Justice).’’. 
(b) ARTICLE 130; STALKING.—Section 930 of 
such title (article 130 of the Uniform Code of 
Military Justice) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘or to his 
or her intimate partner’’ each place it ap-
pears and inserting ‘‘to his or her intimate 
partner, or to his or her dating partner’’; and 
(2) in subsection (b)— 
(A) 
by 
redesignating 
paragraphs 
(3) 
through (5) as paragraphs (4) through (6), re-
spectively; and 
(B) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-
lowing new paragraph: 
‘‘(3) The term ‘dating partner’, in the case 
of a specific person, means a person who is or 
has been in a social relationship of a roman-
tic or intimate nature with such specific per-
son based on a consideration of— 
‘‘(A) the length of the relationship; 
‘‘(B) the type of relationship; and 
‘‘(C) the frequency of interaction between 
the persons involved in the relationship.’’. 
SEC. 535. CLARIFICATION RELATING TO WHO 
MAY CONVENE COURTS-MARTIAL. 
(a) 
GENERAL
COURTS-MARTIAL.—Section 
822(b) of title 10, United States Code (article 
22(b) of the Uniform Code of Military Jus-
tice), is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘If any’’ and inserting ‘‘(1) 
If any’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(2) A commanding officer shall not be 
considered an accuser solely due to the role 
of the commanding officer in convening a 
general court-martial to which charges and 
specifications were referred by a special vic-
tim prosecutor in accordance with this chap-
ter (the Uniform Code of Military Justice).’’. 
(b) 
SPECIAL
COURTS-MARTIAL.—Section 
823(b) of title 10, United States Code (article 
23(b) of the Uniform Code of Military Jus-
tice), is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘If any’’ and inserting ‘‘(1) 
If any’’; 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(2) A commanding officer shall not be 
considered an accuser solely due to the role 
of the commanding officer in convening a 
special court-martial to which charges and 
specifications were referred by a special vic-
tim prosecutor in accordance with this chap-
ter (the Uniform Code of Military Justice).’’. 
SEC. 536. INCLUSION OF SEXUAL HARASSMENT 
AS GENERAL PUNITIVE ARTICLE. 
(a) AMENDMENT
TO MANUAL
FOR COURTS- 
MARTIAL.—Not later than 30 days after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, the Presi-
dent shall amend Part IV of the Manual for 
Courts-Martial to include sexual harassment 
as a standalone offense punishable under sec-
tion 934 of title 10, United States Code (arti-
cle 134 of the Uniform Code of Military Jus-
tice). 
(b) ELEMENTS
OF
OFFENSE.—The amend-
ment to Part IV of the Manual for Courts- 
Martial required under subsection (a) shall 
include the following in the proper place and 
form: 
(1) ELEMENTS.—The required elements con-
stituting the offense of sexual harassment 
are as follows: 
(A) That the accused knowingly made sex-
ual advances, demands, or requests for sex-
ual favors, or engaged in other conduct of a 
sexual nature. 
(B) That such conduct was unwelcome. 
(C) That under the circumstances, such 
conduct— 
(i) would cause a reasonable person to, be-
lieve, and a certain person does believe that 
submission to such conduct would be made, 
either explicitly or implicitly, a term or con-
dition of a person’s job, pay, career, benefits, 
or entitlements; 
(ii) would cause a reasonable person to be-
lieve, and a certain person does believe that 
submission to, or rejection of, such conduct 
would be used as a basis for career or em-
ployment decisions affecting that person; or 
(iii) was so severe, repetitive, or pervasive, 
that a reasonable person would perceive, and 
a certain person does perceive, an intimi-
dating, hostile, or offensive duty or working 
environment. 
(D) That under the circumstances, the con-
duct of the accused was either— 
(i) to the prejudice of good order and dis-
cipline in the Armed Forces; 
(ii) of a nature to bring discredit upon the 
Armed Forces; or 
(iii) to the prejudice of good order and dis-
cipline in the Armed Forces and of a nature 
to bring discredit on the Armed Forces. 
(2) SCOPE OF CONDUCT CONSIDERED SEXUAL 
IN NATURE.—Whether other conduct is ‘‘of a 
sexual nature’’ shall be dependent upon the 
circumstances of the act or acts alleged and 
may include conduct that, without context, 
would not appear to be sexual in nature. 
(3) NATURE
OF
VICTIM.—For purposes of 
paragraph (1)(C), a ‘‘certain person’’ extends 
to any person, regardless of gender or senior-
ity, or whether subject to the Uniform Code 
of Military Justice, who by some duty or 
military-related reason may work or asso-
ciate with the accused. 
(4) TIMING AND LOCATION OF ACT.—The act 
constituting sexual harassment can occur at 
any location, regardless of whether the vic-
tim or accused is on or off duty at the time 
of the alleged act or acts. Physical proximity 
is not required, and the acts may be com-
mitted through online or other electronic 
means. 
(5) MENS REA.—The accused must have ac-
tual knowledge that the accused is making 
sexual advances, demands or requests for 
sexual favors, or engaging in other conduct 
of a sexual nature. Actual knowledge is not 
required for the other elements of the of-
fense. 
SEC. 
537. 
DETERMINATIONS 
OF 
IMPRAC-
TICABILITY OF REHEARING. 
(a) 
TRANSMITTAL
AND
REVIEW
OF 
RECORDS.—Section 865(e)(3)(B) of title 10, 
United States Code (article 65(e)(3)(B) of the 
Uniform Code of Military Justice), is amend-
ed— 
(1) by striking ‘‘IMPRACTICAL.—If the Judge 
Advocate General’’ and inserting the fol-
lowing: ‘‘IMPRACTICABLE.—’’ 
‘‘(i) IN GENERAL.—Subject to clause (ii), if 
the Judge Advocate General’’; 
(2) by striking ‘‘impractical’’ and inserting 
‘‘impracticable’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
clause: 
‘‘(ii) CASES
REFERRED
BY
SPECIAL
VICTIM 
PROSECUTOR.—If a case was referred to trial 
by a special victim prosecutor, a special vic-
tim prosecutor shall determine if a rehearing 
is impracticable and shall dismiss the 
charges if the special victim prosecutor so 
determines.’’. 
(b) COURTS OF CRIMINAL APPEALS.—Section 
866(f)(1)(C) of title 10, United States Code (ar-
ticle 66(f)(1)(C) of the Uniform Code of Mili-
tary Justice), is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘IMPRACTICABLE.—If the 
Court of Criminal Appeals’’ and inserting the 
following: ‘‘IMPRACTICABLE.— 
‘‘(i) IN GENERAL.—Subject to clause (ii), if 
the Court of Criminal Appeals’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
clause: 
‘‘(ii) CASES
REFERRED
BY
SPECIAL
VICTIM 
PROSECUTOR.—If a case was referred to trial 
by a special victim prosecutor, a special vic-
tim prosecutor shall determine if a rehearing 
is impracticable and shall dismiss the 
charges if the special victim prosecutor so 
determines.’’. 
(c) REVIEW BY THE COURT OF APPEALS FOR 
THE ARMED FORCES.—Section 867(e) of title 
10, United States Code (article 67(e) of the 
Uniform Code of Military Justice), is amend-
ed by adding at the end the following new 
sentence: ‘‘Notwithstanding the preceding 
sentence, if a case was referred to trial by a 
special victim prosecutor, a special victim 
prosecutor shall determine if a rehearing is 
impracticable and shall dismiss the charges 
if the special victim prosecutor so deter-
mines.’’. 
(d) REVIEW BY JUDGE ADVOCATE GENERAL.— 
Section 869(c)(1)(D) of title 10, Untied States 
Code (article 69(c)(1)(D) of the Uniform Code 
of Military Justice), is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘If the Judge Advocate Gen-
eral’’ and inserting ‘‘(i) Subject to clause (ii), 
if the Judge Advocate General’’; 
(2) by striking ‘‘impractical’’ and inserting 
‘‘impracticable’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
clause: 
‘‘(ii) If a case was referred to trial by a spe-
cial victim prosecutor, a special victim pros-
ecutor shall determine if a rehearing is im-
practicable and shall dismiss the charges if 
the special victim prosecutor so deter-
mines.’’. 
SEC. 538. PLEA AGREEMENTS. 
(a) AUTHORITY
TO
ENTER
INTO
AGREE-
MENTS.—Subsection (a) of section 853a of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00031
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 42-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8574 
November 19, 2021 
title 10, United States Code (article 53a of 
the Uniform Code of Military Justice), is 
amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘At any 
time’’ and inserting ‘‘Subject to paragraph 
(3), at any time’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(3) With respect to charges and specifica-
tions referred to court-martial by a special 
victim prosecutor, a plea agreement under 
this section may only be entered into be-
tween a special victim prosecutor and the ac-
cused. Such agreement shall be subject to 
the same limitations and conditions applica-
ble to other plea agreements under this sec-
tion (article).’’. 
(b) BINDING
EFFECT.—Subsection (d) of 
such section (article) is amended by insert-
ing after ‘‘parties’’ the following: ‘‘(including 
the convening authority and the special vic-
tim prosecutor in the case of a plea agree-
ment entered into under subsection of 
(a)(3))’’. 
SEC. 539. OPPORTUNITY TO OBTAIN WITNESS 
AND OTHER EVIDENCE IN TRIALS BY 
COURT-MARTIAL. 
Subsection 846(d)(2) of title 10, United 
States Code (article 46(d)(2) of the Uniform 
Code of Military Justice), is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘only if a general court- 
martial’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘only 
if— 
‘‘(A) a general court-martial;’’; 
(2) in subparagraph (A), as designated by 
paragraph (1) of this section, by striking ‘‘a 
subpoena or a military judge’’ and inserting 
the following: ‘‘a subpoena; 
‘‘(B) a military judge’’; 
(3) In subparagraph (B), as designated by 
paragraph (2), by striking the period at the 
end and inserting a semicolon; and 
(4) by adding at the end the following new 
subparagraphs: 
‘‘(C) a special victim prosecutor issues 
such a subpoena; or 
‘‘(D) the military counsel detailed to de-
fend an individual suspected or accused of an 
offense over which a special victim pros-
ecutor exercises authority in accordance 
with section 824a of this title (article 824a of 
the Uniform Code of Military Justice) issues 
such a subpoena.’’. 
SEC. 540. FORMER JEOPARDY. 
Section 844(c) of title 10, United States 
Code (article 44(c) of the Uniform Code of 
Military Justice), is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1) in the matter following 
subparagraph (B), by inserting ‘‘or the spe-
cial victim prosecutor’’ after ‘‘the convening 
authority’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (2) in the matter following 
subparagraph (B), by inserting ‘‘or the spe-
cial victim prosecutor’’ after ‘‘the convening 
authority’’. 
SEC. 541. ADVICE TO CONVENING AUTHORITY BE-
FORE REFERRAL FOR TRIAL. 
Section 834 of title 10, United States Code 
(article 34 of the Uniform Code of Military 
Justice), is amended— 
(1) In subsection (a)(1)— 
(A) by striking ‘‘Before referral’’ and in-
serting ‘‘Subject to subsection (c), before re-
ferral’’; 
(B) by redesignating subparagraph (C) as 
subparagraph (D); and 
(C) by inserting after subparagraph (B) the 
following new subparagraph: 
‘‘(C) there is sufficient admissible evidence 
to obtain and sustain a conviction on the 
charged offense.’’. 
(2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘Before 
referral’’ and inserting ‘‘Subject to sub-
section (c), before referral’’; 
(3) by redesignating subsections (c) and (d) 
as subsections (d) and (e) respectively; 
(4) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-
lowing new subsection: 
‘‘(c) SPECIAL VICTIM OFFENSES.—A referral 
to a general or special court-martial for trial 
of charges and specifications over which a 
special victim prosecutor exercises authority 
may only be made— 
‘‘(1) by a special victim prosecutor, subject 
to a special victim prosecutor’s written de-
termination 
accompanying 
the 
referral 
that— 
‘‘(A) each specification under a charge al-
leges an offense under this chapter; 
‘‘(B) there is probable cause to believe that 
the accused committed the offense charged; 
and 
‘‘(C) there is sufficient admissible evidence 
to obtain and sustain a conviction on the 
charged offense; or 
‘‘(2) in the case of charges and specifica-
tions that do not allege a special victim of-
fense and as to which a special victim pros-
ecutor declines to prefer or, in the case of 
charges and specifications preferred by a per-
son other than a special victim prosecutor, 
refer charges, by the convening authority in 
accordance with this section.’’; and 
(5) in subsection (e), as redesignated by 
paragraph (3) of this section, by inserting 
‘‘or, with respect to charges and specifica-
tions over which a special victim prosecutor 
exercises authority in accordance with sec-
tion 824a of this title (article 824a of the Uni-
form Code of Military Justice), a special vic-
tim prosecutor,’’ after ‘‘convening author-
ity’’. 
SEC. 542. PRELIMINARY HEARING. 
(a) DETAIL OF HEARING OFFICER; WAIVER.— 
Subsection (a)(1) of section 832 of title 10, 
United States Code (article 32 of the Uniform 
Code of Military Justice), is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘hear-
ing officer’’ and all that follows through the 
period at the end and inserting ‘‘hearing offi-
cer detailed in accordance with subpara-
graph (C).’’; 
(2) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘writ-
ten waiver’’ and all that follows through the 
period at the end and inserting the following: 
‘‘written waiver to— 
‘‘(i) except as provided in clause (ii), the 
convening authority and the convening au-
thority determines that a hearing is not re-
quired; and 
‘‘(ii) with respect to charges and specifica-
tions over which the special victim pros-
ecutor is exercising authority in accordance 
with section 824a of this title (article 24a of 
the Uniform Code of Military Justice), the 
special victim prosecutor and the special vic-
tim prosecutor determines that a hearing is 
not required.’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
subparagraph: 
‘‘(C)(i) Except as provided in clause (ii), the 
convening authority shall detail a hearing 
officer. 
‘‘(ii) If a special victim prosecutor is exer-
cising authority over the charges and speci-
fications subject to a preliminary hearing 
under this section (article), the special vic-
tim prosecutor shall request a military judge 
or military magistrate to serve as the hear-
ing officer, and a military judge or military 
magistrate shall be provided, in accordance 
with regulations prescribed by the Presi-
dent.’’. 
(b) REPORT OF PRELIMINARY HEARING OFFI-
CER.—Subsection (c) of such section is 
amended— 
(1) in the heading, by inserting ‘‘OR SPE-
CIAL VICTIM PROSECUTOR’’ after ‘‘CONVENING 
AUTHORITY’’; and 
(2) in the matter preceding paragraph (1) 
by striking ‘‘to the convening authority’’ 
and inserting ‘‘to the convening authority 
or, in the case of a preliminary hearing in 
which the hearing officer is provided at the 
request of a special victim prosecutor, to the 
special victim prosecutor,’’. 
SEC. 543. DETAIL OF TRIAL COUNSEL. 
Section 827 of title 10, United States Code 
(article 27 of the Uniform Code of Military 
Justice), is amended by adding at the end the 
following new subsection: 
‘‘(e)(1) For each general and special court- 
martial for which charges and specifications 
were referred by a special victim pros-
ecutor— 
‘‘(A) a special victim prosecutor or an as-
sistant special victim prosecutor shall be de-
tailed as trial counsel; 
‘‘(B) a special victim prosecutor may detail 
a special victim prosecutor or an assistant 
special victim prosecutor as an assistant 
trial counsel; and 
‘‘(C) a special victim prosecutor may re-
quest that a counsel other than a special vic-
tim prosecutor or assistant special victim 
prosecutor be detailed as an assistant trial 
counsel. 
‘‘(2) Details of counsel under this sub-
section shall be made in accordance with 
regulations prescribed by the President.’’. 
SEC. 544. SENTENCING REFORM. 
(a) ARTICLE 53; FINDINGS AND SENTENCING.— 
Section 853 of title 10, United States Code 
(article 53 of the Uniform Code of Military 
Justice), is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b), by amending para-
graph (1) to read as follows: 
‘‘(1) GENERAL
AND
SPECIAL
COURTS-MAR-
TIAL.—Except as provided in subsection (c) 
for capital offenses, if the accused is con-
victed of an offense in a trial by general or 
special court-martial, the military judge 
shall sentence the accused. The sentence de-
termined by the military judge constitutes 
the sentence of the court-martial.’’; and 
(2) in subsection (c)— 
(A) by amending paragraph (1) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—In a capital case, if the 
accused is convicted of an offense for which 
the court-martial may sentence the accused 
to death— 
‘‘(A) the members shall determine— 
‘‘(i) whether the sentence for that offense 
shall be death or life in prison without eligi-
bility for parole; or 
‘‘(ii) whether the matter shall be returned 
to the military judge for determination of a 
lesser punishment; and 
‘‘(B) the military judge shall sentence the 
accused for that offense in accordance with 
the determination of the members under sub-
paragraph (A).’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘the 
court-martial’’ and inserting ‘‘the military 
judge’’. 
(b) ARTICLE 53A; PLEA AGREEMENTS.—Sec-
tion 853a of title 10, United States Code (arti-
cle 53a of the Uniform Code of Military Jus-
tice), as amended by section 538 of this Act, 
is further amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsections (b), (c), 
and (d), as subsections (c), (d), and (e), re-
spectively; and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (a) the fol-
lowing new subsection: 
‘‘(b) ACCEPTANCE
OF PLEA AGREEMENT.— 
Subject to subsection (c), the military judge 
of a general or special court-martial shall 
accept a plea agreement submitted by the 
parties, except that— 
‘‘(1) in the case of an offense with a sen-
tencing parameter set forth in regulations 
prescribed by the President pursuant to sec-
tion 544(e) of the National Defense Author-
ization Act for Fiscal Year 2022, the military 
judge may reject a plea agreement that pro-
poses a sentence that is outside the sen-
tencing parameter if the military judge de-
termines that the proposed sentence is plain-
ly unreasonable; and 
‘‘(2) in the case of an offense for which the 
President has not established a sentencing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00032
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 43-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8575 
November 19, 2021 
parameter pursuant to section 544(e) of the 
National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-
cal Year 2022, the military judge may reject 
a plea agreement that proposes a sentence if 
the military judge determines that the pro-
posed sentence is plainly unreasonable.’’. 
(c) ARTICLE 56; SENTENCING.—Section 856 of 
title 10, United States Code (article 56 of the 
Uniform Code of Military Justice), is amend-
ed— 
(1) in subsection (c)— 
(A) in paragraph (1)— 
(i) in subparagraph (C)(vii), by striking 
‘‘and’’ at the end; 
(ii) in subparagraph (D), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(iii) by adding at the end the following new 
subparagraph: 
‘‘(E) the applicable sentencing parameters 
or sentencing criteria set forth in regula-
tions prescribed by the President pursuant 
to section 544(e) of the National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2022.’’; and 
(B) by striking paragraphs (2) through (4) 
and inserting the following new paragraphs: 
‘‘(2) APPLICATION
OF
SENTENCING
PARAM-
ETERS IN GENERAL AND SPECIAL COURTS-MAR-
TIAL.— 
‘‘(A) REQUIREMENT TO SENTENCE WITHIN PA-
RAMETERS.—Except as provided in subpara-
graph (B), in a general or special court-mar-
tial in which the accused is convicted of an 
offense for which the President has estab-
lished a sentencing parameter pursuant to 
section 544(e) of the National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2022, the 
military judge shall sentence the accused for 
that offense within the applicable param-
eter. 
‘‘(B) EXCEPTION.—The military judge may 
impose a sentence outside a sentencing pa-
rameter upon finding specific facts that war-
rant such a sentence. If the military judge 
imposes a sentence outside a sentencing pa-
rameter under this subparagraph, the mili-
tary judge shall include in the record a writ-
ten statement of the factual basis for the 
sentence. 
‘‘(3) USE OF SENTENCING CRITERIA IN GEN-
ERAL
AND
SPECIAL
COURTS-MARTIAL.—In a 
general or special court-martial in which the 
accused is convicted of an offense for which 
the President has established sentencing cri-
teria pursuant to section 544(e) of the Na-
tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal 
Year 2022, the military judge shall consider 
the applicable sentencing criteria in deter-
mining the sentence for that offense. 
‘‘(4) OFFENSE-BASED SENTENCING IN GENERAL 
AND
SPECIAL
COURTS-MARTIAL.—In announc-
ing the sentence under section 853 of this 
title (article 53) in a general or special court- 
martial, the military judge shall, with re-
spect to each offense of which the accused is 
found guilty, specify the term of confine-
ment, if any, and the amount of the fine, if 
any. If the accused is sentenced to confine-
ment for more than one offense, the military 
judge shall specify whether the terms of con-
finement are to run consecutively or concur-
rently. 
‘‘(5) INAPPLICABILITY TO DEATH PENALTY.— 
Sentencing parameters and sentencing cri-
teria shall not apply to a determination of 
whether an offense should be punished by 
death. 
‘‘(6) SENTENCE
OF
CONFINEMENT
FOR
LIFE 
WITHOUT ELIGIBILITY FOR PAROLE.— 
‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—If an offense is subject 
to a sentence of confinement for life, a 
court-martial may impose a sentence of con-
finement for life without eligibility for pa-
role. 
‘‘(B) TERM
OF
CONFINEMENT.—An accused 
who is sentenced to confinement for life 
without eligibility for parole shall be con-
fined for the remainder of the accused’s life 
unless— 
‘‘(i) the sentence is set aside or otherwise 
modified as a result of— 
‘‘(I) action taken by the convening author-
ity or the Secretary concerned; or 
‘‘(II) any other action taken during post- 
trial procedure or review under any other 
provision of subchapter IX of this chapter 
(the Uniform Code of Military Justice); 
‘‘(ii) the sentence is set aside or otherwise 
modified as a result of action taken by a 
court of competent jurisdiction; or 
‘‘(iii) the accused receives a pardon or an-
other form of Executive clemency.’’; and 
(4) in subsection (d)(1)— 
(A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘or’’ 
at the end; 
(B) by redesignating subparagraph (B) as 
subparagraph (C); 
(C) by inserting after subparagraph (A) the 
following new subparagraph: 
‘‘(B) in the case of a sentence for an offense 
with a sentencing parameter under this sec-
tion, the sentence is a result of an incorrect 
application of the parameter; or’’; and 
(D) in subparagraph (C), as redesignated by 
subparagraph (B) of this paragraph, by strik-
ing ‘‘, as determined in accordance with 
standards and procedures prescribed by the 
President’’. 
(d) ARTICLE 66; COURTS
OF CRIMINAL AP-
PEALS.—Section 866 of title 10, United States 
Code (article 66 of the Uniform Code of Mili-
tary Justice), as amended by section 537 of 
this Act, is further amended— 
(1) in subsection (d)(1)(A), by striking the 
third sentence; and 
(2) by amending subsection (e) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(e) CONSIDERATION OF SENTENCE.— 
‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—In considering a sentence 
on appeal, other than as provided in section 
856(e) of this title (article 56(e)), the Court of 
Criminal Appeals may consider— 
‘‘(A) whether the sentence violates the law; 
‘‘(B) whether the sentence is inappropri-
ately severe— 
‘‘(i) if the sentence is for an offense for 
which the President has not established a 
sentencing parameter pursuant to section 
544(e) of the National Defense Authorization 
Act for Fiscal Year 2022; or 
‘‘(ii) in the case of an offense for which the 
President has established a sentencing pa-
rameter pursuant to section 544(e) of the Na-
tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal 
Year 2022, if the sentence is above the upper 
range of such sentencing parameter; 
‘‘(C) in the case of a sentence for an offense 
for which the President has established a 
sentencing parameter pursuant to section 
544(e) of the National Defense Authorization 
Act for Fiscal Year 2022, whether the sen-
tence is a result of an incorrect application 
of the parameter; 
‘‘(D) whether the sentence is plainly unrea-
sonable; and 
‘‘(E) in review of a sentence to death or to 
life in prison without eligibility for parole 
determined by the members in a capital case 
under section 853(d) of this title (article 
53(d)), whether the sentence is otherwise ap-
propriate, under rules prescribed by the 
President. 
‘‘(2) RECORD
ON
APPEAL.—In an appeal 
under this subsection or section 856(e) of this 
title (article 56(e)), other than review under 
subsection (b)(2), the record on appeal shall 
consist of— 
‘‘(A) any portion of the record in the case 
that is designated as pertinent by any party; 
‘‘(B) the information submitted during the 
sentencing proceeding; and 
‘‘(C) any information required by rule or 
order of the Court of Criminal Appeals.’’. 
(e) ESTABLISHMENT OF SENTENCING PARAM-
ETERS AND SENTENCING CRITERIA.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than two years 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
the President shall prescribe regulations es-
tablishing sentencing parameters and sen-
tencing criteria related to offenses under 
chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code (the 
Uniform Code of Military Justice), in accord-
ance with this subsection. Such parameters 
and criteria— 
(A) shall cover sentences of confinement; 
and 
(B) may cover lesser punishments, as the 
President determines appropriate. 
(2) SENTENCING
PARAMETERS.—Sentencing 
parameters established under paragraph (1) 
shall— 
(A) identify a delineated sentencing range 
for an offense that is appropriate for a typ-
ical violation of the offense, taking into con-
sideration— 
(i) the severity of the offense; 
(ii) the guideline or offense category that 
would apply to the offense if the offense were 
tried in a United States district court; 
(iii) any military-specific sentencing fac-
tors; and 
(iv) the need for the sentencing parameter 
to be sufficiently broad to allow for individ-
ualized consideration of the offense and the 
accused; 
(B) include no fewer than 5 and no more 
than 12 offense categories; 
(C) assign such offense under this chapter 
to an offense category unless the offense is 
identified as unsuitable for sentencing pa-
rameters under paragraph (4)(F)(ii); and 
(D) delineate the confinement range for 
each offense category by setting an upper 
confinement limit and a lower confinement 
limit. 
(3) SENTENCING CRITERIA.—Sentencing cri-
teria established under paragraph (1) shall 
identify offense-specific factors the military 
judge should consider and any collateral ef-
fects of available punishments that may aid 
the military judge in determining an appro-
priate sentence when there is no applicable 
sentencing parameter for a specific offense. 
(4) MILITARY SENTENCING PARAMETERS AND 
CRITERIA BOARD.— 
(A) IN GENERAL.—There is established with-
in the Department of Defense a board, to be 
known as the ‘‘Military Sentencing Param-
eters and Criteria Board’’ (referred to in this 
subsection as the ‘‘Board’’). 
(B) VOTING
MEMBERS.—The Board shall 
have 5 voting members, as follows: 
(i) The 4 chief trial judges designated under 
section 826(g) of title 10, United States Code 
(article 26(g) of the Uniform Code of Military 
Justice), except that, if the chief trial judge 
of the Coast Guard is not available, the 
Judge Advocate General of the Coast Guard 
may designate as a voting member a judge 
advocate of the Coast Guard with substantial 
military justice experience. 
(ii) A trial judge of the Navy, designated 
under regulations prescribed by the Presi-
dent, if the chief trial judges designated 
under section 826(g) of title 10, United States 
Code (article 26(g) of the Uniform Code of 
Military Justice), do not include a trial 
judge of the Navy. 
(iii) A trial judge of the Marine Corps, des-
ignated under regulations prescribed by the 
President, if the chief trial judges designated 
under section 826(g) of title 10, United States 
Code (article 26(g) of the Uniform Code of 
Military Justice), do not include a trial 
judge of the Marine Corps. 
(C) NONVOTING MEMBERS.—The Chief Judge 
of the Court of Appeals for the Armed 
Forces, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of 
Staff, and the General Counsel of the Depart-
ment of Defense shall each designate one 
nonvoting member of the Board. The Sec-
retary of Defense may appoint one additional 
nonvoting member of the Board at the Sec-
retary’s discretion. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00033
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 44-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8576 
November 19, 2021 
(D) CHAIR AND VICE-CHAIR.—The Secretary 
of Defense shall designate one voting mem-
ber as chair of the Board and one voting 
member as vice-chair. 
(E) VOTING REQUIREMENT.—An affirmative 
vote of at least three members is required for 
any action of the Board under this sub-
section. 
(F) DUTIES
OF
BOARD.—The Board shall 
have the following duties: 
(i) As directed by the Secretary of Defense, 
the Board shall submit to the President for 
approval— 
(I) sentencing parameters for all offenses 
under chapter 47 of title 10, United States 
Code (the Uniform Code of Military Justice), 
(other than offenses that the Board identifies 
as unsuitable for sentencing parameters in 
accordance with clause (ii)); and 
(II) sentencing criteria to be used by mili-
tary judges in determining appropriate sen-
tences for offenses that are identified as un-
suitable for sentencing parameters in ac-
cordance with clause (ii). 
(ii) Identify each offense under chapter 47 
of title 10, United States Code (the Uniform 
Code of Military Justice), that is unsuitable 
for sentencing parameters. The Board shall 
identify an offense as unsuitable for sen-
tencing parameters if— 
(I) the nature of the offense is indetermi-
nate and unsuitable for categorization; and 
(II) there is no similar criminal offense 
under the laws of the United States or the 
laws of the District of Columbia. 
(iii) In developing sentencing parameters 
and criteria, the Board shall consider the 
sentencing data collected by the Military 
Justice Review Panel pursuant to section 
946(f)(2) of title 10, United States Code (arti-
cle 146(f)(2) of the Uniform Code of Military 
Justice). 
(iv) In addition to establishing parameters 
for sentences of confinement under clause 
(i)(I), the Board shall consider the appro-
priateness of establishing sentencing param-
eters for punitive discharges, fines, reduc-
tions, forfeitures, and other lesser punish-
ments authorized under chapter 47 of title 10, 
United States Code (the Uniform Code of 
Military Justice). 
(v) The Board shall regularly— 
(I) review, and propose revision to, in con-
sideration of comments and data coming to 
the Board’s attention, the sentencing param-
eters and sentencing criteria prescribed 
under paragraph (1); and 
(II) submit to the President, through the 
Secretary of Defense, proposed amendments 
to the sentencing parameters and sentencing 
criteria, together with statements explain-
ing the basis for the proposed amendments. 
(vi) The Board shall develop means of 
measuring the degree to which applicable 
sentencing, penal, and correctional practices 
are effective with respect to the sentencing 
factors and policies set forth in this section. 
(vii) In fulfilling its duties and in exer-
cising its powers, the Board shall consult au-
thorities on, and individual and institutional 
representatives of, various aspects of the 
military criminal justice system. The Board 
may establish separate advisory groups con-
sisting of individuals with current or recent 
experience in command and in senior en-
listed positions, individuals with experience 
in the trial of courts-martial, and such other 
groups as the Board deems appropriate. 
(viii) The Board shall submit to the Presi-
dent, through the Secretary of Defense, pro-
posed amendments to the rules for courts- 
martial with respect to sentencing pro-
ceedings and maximum punishments, to-
gether with statements explaining the basis 
for the proposed amendments. 
SEC. 545. UNIFORM, DOCUMENT-BASED DATA 
SYSTEM. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of Defense 
shall— 
(1) establish a single mechanism and proc-
ess into and through which records, data, 
and information shall be collected, tracked, 
and maintained regarding the reporting, in-
vestigation, processing, adjudication, and 
final disposition of all offenses under the 
Uniform Code of Military Justice arising in 
any component of the Department of De-
fense; 
(2) prescribe uniform data points, defini-
tions, standards, and criteria applicable to 
all components of the Department of De-
fense, for the entry of records, data, and in-
formation in and through the single mecha-
nism and process required by paragraph (1); 
(3) ensure the security of the single mecha-
nism and process and the records, data, and 
information maintained therein, with a par-
ticular emphasis on the security of classified 
information, personally identifiable informa-
tion, protected health information, informa-
tion that is subject to a judicial protective 
order or that has been placed under seal by 
appropriate authority, and other informa-
tion of a sensitive nature, as determined by 
the Secretary; 
(4) authorize access to the single mecha-
nism and process and the records, data, and 
information maintained therein to appro-
priately cleared personnel of a component of 
the Department of Defense and such other 
persons as the Secretary of Defense may de-
termine, each of whom shall have a dem-
onstrated need for such access derived from 
the official business of the Department of 
Defense; 
(5) maintain indefinitely all records, data, 
and information collected in and through the 
single mechanism and process; and 
(6) analyze the records, data, and informa-
tion maintained in and through the single 
mechanism and process— 
(A) to promote the effective management 
and timeliness of the investigation, proc-
essing, adjudication, and disposition of of-
fenses under chapter 47 of title 10, United 
States Code (the Uniform Code of Military 
Justice); 
(B) to ascertain the effects of the changes 
in law and policy required under this part 
and the amendments made by this part on 
the prevention of and response to offenses 
over which a special victim prosecutor at 
any time exercises authority in accordance 
with section 824a of this title (article 24a of 
the Uniform Code of Military Justice); 
(C) to inform and improve the policies, 
processes, reporting, and decision-making of 
the Department of Defense; 
(D) to enhance the quality of periodic re-
views required by law, including under sec-
tion 946 of this title (article 146 of the Uni-
form Code of Military Justice); 
(E) to enhance the quality of reports and 
briefings to Congress and the Committee on 
Armed Forces of the Senate and the Com-
mittee on Armed Forces of the House of Rep-
resentatives, including those required by sec-
tion 532 of the National Defense Authoriza-
tion Act for Fiscal year 2007 (Public Law 109– 
364); section 1361 of the National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (Public 
Law 111–383), as amended by section 575 of 
the National Defense Authorization Act for 
Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239), section 
542 of the National Defense Authorization 
Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291), 
sections 543 and 544 of the National Defense 
Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Pub-
lic Law 114–328), sections 537 and 538 of the 
National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-
cal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91), and section 
537 of the National Defense Authorization 
Act for Fiscal Year 2021 (Public Law 116–283); 
section 574 of the National Defense Author-
ization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public law 
114–328); and section 539C of the National De-
fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2021 
(Public Law 116–283); and 
(F) for such other purposes as the Sec-
retary of Defense may prescribe. 
(b) INFORMATION INCLUDED.—The records, 
data, and information collected, tracked, 
and maintained in the single mechanism and 
process required under subsection (a) shall 
include— 
(1) the data points and uniform definitions 
set forth in memoranda of the General Coun-
sel of the Department of Defense entitled 
‘‘Uniform Standards and Criteria Required 
by Article 140a, Uniform Code of Military 
Justice’’, dated December 17, 2018, and ‘‘Re-
cording Court-Martial Demographic Infor-
mation’’, dated June 3, 2020, and the Appen-
dices thereto, expanded to include— 
(A) the progress of an offense under the 
Uniform Code of Military Justice through 
each stage of the investigative process, in-
cluding a summary of the initial complaint 
giving rise to an inquiry or investigation by 
a military law enforcement, security, or in-
telligence organization or military criminal 
investigative organization, a description of 
how the complaint became known to such or-
ganization, and any referral to or from civil-
ian law enforcement or investigative au-
thorities; 
(B) demographic data pertaining to each 
victim and accused, including age, race, eth-
nicity, sex, and rank, as applicable, together 
with the nature of the relationship, if any, 
between a victim and an accused; 
(C) any action taken relative to a service 
member suspected or accused of an offense 
under the Uniform Code of Military Justice 
through each stage of such action from initi-
ation to final disposition, and appeal, if any, 
including— 
(i) a decision to take no action; 
(ii) trial by court-martial or other judicial 
process; 
(iii) non-judicial punishment under section 
815 of title 10, United States Code (article 15 
of the Uniform Code of Military Justice); and 
(iv) adverse or corrective administrative 
action; and 
(D) the age, race, ethnicity, sex, and rank, 
as applicable, of any person who took an ac-
tion documented pursuant to subparagraph 
(C); 
(2) the date on which each key action or 
decision relative to the offense occurred or 
was made; 
(3) a true copy of each source document or 
record relating to the reporting, investiga-
tion, processing, adjudication, and disposi-
tion of each offense; and 
(4) any other record, data, or information 
as prescribed by the Secretary of Defense. 
(c) DEADLINE.—The single mechanism and 
process required under subsection (a) shall be 
fully operational by the effective date speci-
fied in section 552 and will be used to collect, 
track, and maintain records, data, and infor-
mation about the reporting, investigation, 
processing, adjudication, and final disposi-
tion of each offense under the Uniform Code 
of Military Justice that occurs after that 
date. 
(d) DEFINITIONS.—In this section: 
(1) SINGLE MECHANISM AND PROCESS.— 
(A) IN GENERAL.—The term ‘‘single mecha-
nism and process’’ is defined as a database, 
tracking system, or other mechanism and 
process established by the Secretary of De-
fense, in which records, data, and informa-
tion relative to an offense under chapter 47 
of title 10, United States Code (the Uniform 
Code of Military Justice) arising in any com-
ponent of the Department of Defense are 
consolidated. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00034
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 45-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8577 
November 19, 2021 
(B) RULE
OF
CONSTRUCTION.—Nothing in 
this section shall be construed to prohibit a 
component of the Department of Defense 
from creating and maintaining a separate 
mechanism or process for purposes similar to 
those described under subparagraph (A), pro-
vided that all requisite records, data, and in-
formation 
are 
primarily 
collected 
and 
tracked in the ‘‘single mechanism and proc-
ess’’ required. 
(2) RACE AND ETHNICITY.—For purposes of 
ensuring the collection of uniform data 
points concerning race and ethnicity, the 
terms ‘‘race’’ and ‘‘ethnicity’’ shall have the 
meanings established for the terms by the 
Office of Management and Budget Statistical 
Policy Directive No. 15, Race and Ethnic 
Standards for Federal Statistics and Admin-
istrative Reporting, or any successor Office 
of Management and Budget directive. 
SEC. 546. PRIMARY PREVENTION WORKFORCE. 
(a) ESTABLISHMENT.—The Secretary of De-
fense shall establish a Primary Prevention 
Workforce to provide a comprehensive and 
integrated program across the Department 
of Defense enterprise for the primary preven-
tion of interpersonal and self-directed vio-
lence, including sexual assault, sexual har-
assment, domestic violence, child abuse and 
maltreatment, problematic juvenile sexual 
behavior, suicide, workplace violence, and 
substance misuse. 
(b) 
PRIMARY
PREVENTION
WORKFORCE 
MODEL.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the 
Committee on Armed Services of the Senate 
and the Committee on Armed Services of the 
House of Representatives a report setting 
forth a holistic model for a dedicated and ca-
pable Primary Prevention Workforce in the 
Department of Defense. 
(2) ELEMENTS.—The model required under 
paragraph (1) shall include the following ele-
ments: 
(A) A description of Primary Prevention 
Workforce roles, responsibilities, and capa-
bilities, including— 
(i) the conduct of research and analysis; 
(ii) advising all levels of military com-
manders and leaders; 
(iii) designing and writing strategic and 
operational primary prevention policies and 
programs; 
(iv) integrating and analyzing data; and 
(v) implementing, evaluating, and adapting 
primary prevention programs and activities. 
(B) The design and structure of the Pri-
mary Prevention Workforce, including— 
(i) consideration of military, civilian, and 
hybrid manpower options; 
(ii) the comprehensive integration of the 
workforce from strategic to tactical levels of 
the Department of Defense and its compo-
nents; and 
(iii) mechanisms for individuals in work-
force roles to report to and align with instal-
lation-level and headquarters personnel. 
(C) Strategies, plans, and systematic ap-
proaches for recruiting, credentialing, pro-
moting, and sustaining the diversity of work 
force roles comprising a professional work-
force dedicated to primary prevention. 
(D) The creation of a professional, primary 
prevention credential that standardizes a 
common base of education and experience 
across the prevention workforce, coupled 
with knowledge development and skill build-
ing requirements built into the career cycle 
of prevention practitioners such that com-
petencies and expertise increase over time. 
(E) Any other matter the Secretary of De-
fense determines necessary and appropriate 
to presenting an accurate and complete 
model of the Primary Prevention Workforce. 
(c) REPORTS.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than one year 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
the Secretaries of the military departments 
and the Chief of the National Guard Bureau 
each shall submit to the Committee on 
Armed Services of the Senate and the Com-
mittee on Armed Services of the House of 
Representatives a report detailing how the 
military services and the National Guard, as 
applicable, will adapt and implement the pri-
mary prevention workforce model set forth 
in the report required under subsection (b). 
(2) 
ELEMENTS.—Each 
report 
submitted 
under subsection (a) shall include a descrip-
tion of— 
(A) expected milestones to implement the 
prevention workforce in the component at 
issue; 
(B) challenges associated with implemen-
tation of the workforce and the strategies 
for addressing such challenges; and 
(C) additional authorities that may be re-
quired to optimize implementation and oper-
ation of the workforce. 
(d) OPERATING CAPABILITY DEADLINE.—The 
Primary Prevention Workforce authorized 
under this section shall attain initial oper-
ating capability in each military department 
and military service and in the National 
Guard by not later than the effective date 
specified in section 552. 
SEC. 547. ANNUAL PRIMARY PREVENTION RE-
SEARCH AGENDA. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Beginning on October 1, 
2022, and annually, on the first day of each 
fiscal year thereafter, the Secretary of De-
fense shall publish a Department of Defense 
research agenda for that fiscal year, focused 
on the primary prevention of interpersonal 
and self-directed violence, including sexual 
assault, sexual harassment, domestic vio-
lence, child abuse and maltreatment, prob-
lematic juvenile sexual behavior, suicide, 
workplace violence, and substance misuse. 
(b) ELEMENTS.—Each annual primary pre-
vention research agenda published under 
subsection (a) shall— 
(1) identify research priorities for that fis-
cal year; 
(2) assign research projects and tasks to 
the military departments and other compo-
nents of the Department of Defense, as the 
Secretary of Defense determines appropriate; 
(3) allocate or direct the allocation of ap-
propriate resourcing for each such project 
and task; and 
(4) be directive in nature and enforceable 
across all components of the Department of 
Defense, including with regard to— 
(A) providing for timely access to records, 
data and information maintained by any 
component of the Department of Defense 
that may be required in furtherance of an as-
signed research project or task; 
(B) ensuring the sharing across all compo-
nents of the Department of Defense of the 
findings and the outcomes of any research 
project or task; and 
(C) any other matter determined by the 
Secretary of Defense. 
(c) GUIDING PRINCIPLES.—The primary pre-
vention research agenda should, as deter-
mined by the Secretary of Defense— 
(1) 
reflect 
a 
preference 
for 
research 
projects and tasks with the potential to 
yield or contribute to the development and 
implementation of actionable primary pre-
vention strategies in the Department of De-
fense; 
(2) be integrated, so as to discover or test 
cross-cutting interventions across the spec-
trum of interpersonal and self-directed vio-
lence; 
(3) incorporate collaboration with other 
Federal departments and agencies, State 
governments, academia, industry, federally 
funded research and development centers, 
non-profit organizations, and other organiza-
tions outside of the Department of Defense; 
and 
(4) minimize unnecessary duplication of ef-
fort. 
(d) BUDGETING.—The Secretary of Defense 
shall create a unique Program Element for 
and shall prioritize recurring funding to en-
sure the continuity of research pursuant to 
the annual primary prevention research 
agenda. 
SEC. 548. FULL FUNCTIONALITY OF CERTAIN AD-
VISORY COMMITTEES AND PANELS. 
Not later than 30 days after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the Secretary of De-
fense shall establish or reconstitute, main-
tain, and ensure the full functionality of— 
(1) the Defense Advisory Committee on the 
Investigation, Prosecution, and Defense of 
sexual assault in the Armed Forces, estab-
lished pursuant to section 546 of the Carl 
Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon Na-
tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal 
Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 10 U.S.C. 1561 
note); 
(2) the Defense Advisory Committee for the 
Prevention of Sexual Misconduct, estab-
lished pursuant to section 552 of the National 
Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 
2020 (Public Law 116–92; 10 U.S.C. 1561 note); 
and 
(3) the Military Justice Review Panel es-
tablished pursuant to section 946 of title 10, 
United States Code (article 146 of the Uni-
form Code of Military Justice)). 
SEC. 549. MILITARY DEFENSE COUNSEL PARITY. 
The Secretary of Defense shall— 
(1) direct the Secretaries of the military 
departments to establish the funding, mech-
anisms, and processes required for service 
military defense counsel to exercise control 
of their own funds, beginning not later than 
one year after the date of the enactment of 
this Act; 
(2) ensure that military defense counsel 
have timely and reliable access to and fund-
ing for defense investigators, expert wit-
nesses, trial support, counsel travel, and 
other necessary resources; 
(3) ensure that military defense counsel de-
tailed to represent a servicemember accused 
of a special victim offense are well-trained 
and experienced, highly skilled, and com-
petent in the defense of special victim cases; 
and 
(4) take or direct such other actions re-
garding military defense counsel as may be 
warranted in the interest of the fair adminis-
tration of justice. 
SEC. 550. RESOURCING. 
(a) REPORT
REQUIRED.—Not later than 
March 1, 2022, the Secretary of Defense, shall 
submit to the Committee on Armed Services 
of the Senate and the Committee on Armed 
Services of the House of Representatives a 
report detailing the resourcing necessary to 
implement this part and the amendments 
made by this part. 
(b) ELEMENTS.—The report required under 
subsection (a) shall include the following ele-
ments: 
(1) The number of additional personnel and 
personnel authorizations—military and civil-
ian—required by the Office of the Secretary 
of Defense, each of the military departments, 
and any other component of the Department 
of Defense, to implement and execute the 
provisions of this part and the amendments 
made by this part by the effective date speci-
fied in section 552. 
(2) The basis for the number provided pur-
suant to paragraph (1), including the fol-
lowing: information 
(A) A description of the organizational 
structure in which such personnel or groups 
of personnel are or will be aligned. 
(B) The nature of the duties and functions 
to be performed by any such personnel or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00035
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 46-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8578 
November 19, 2021 
groups of personnel across the domains of 
policy-making, execution, assessment, and 
oversight. 
(C) The optimum caseload goal assigned to 
the following categories of personnel who are 
or will participate in the military justice 
process: criminal investigators of different 
levels and expertise, laboratory personnel, 
defense counsel, special victim prosecutors 
and assistant special victim prosecutors, 
military defense counsel, military judges, 
and military magistrates. 
(D) Any required increase in the number of 
personnel currently authorized in law to be 
assigned to the Office of the Secretary of De-
fense and other Department of Defense head-
quarters. 
(3) The nature and scope of any contract 
required by the Office of the Secretary of De-
fense, each of the military departments, and 
any other component of the Department of 
Defense to implement and execute the provi-
sions of this part and the amendments made 
by this part by the effective date specified in 
section 552. 
(4) The amount and types of additional 
funding required by the Department of De-
fense to implement the provisions of this 
part and the amendments made by this part 
by the effective date specified. 
(5) Any additional authorities required to 
implement the provisions of this part and 
the amendments made by this part by the ef-
fective date specified. 
(6) Any additional information the Sec-
retary of Defense determines is necessary to 
ensure 
the 
manning, 
equipping, 
and 
resourcing of the Department of Defense to 
implement and execute the provisions of this 
part and the amendments made by this part. 
SEC. 551. APPLICABILITY TO THE UNITED STATES 
COAST GUARD. 
The Secretary of Defense shall consult and 
enter into an agreement with the Secretary 
of Homeland Security to apply the provi-
sions of this part and the amendments made 
by this part, and the policies, mechanisms, 
and processes established pursuant to such 
provisions, to the United States Coast Guard 
when it is operating as a service in the De-
partment of Homeland Security. 
SEC. 552. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—The amendments made by 
this part shall take effect on the date that is 
two years after the date of the enactment of 
this Act and shall apply with respect to of-
fenses that occur after that date. 
(b) REGULATIONS.— 
(1) REQUIREMENT.—The President shall pre-
scribe regulations to carry out this part, in-
cluding the regulations setting forth the sen-
tencing parameters and guidelines required 
under section 544(e), and the amendments 
made by this part not later than two years 
after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(2) IMPACT OF DELAY OF ISSUANCE.—If the 
President does not prescribe regulations to 
carry out this part, including the regulations 
setting forth the sentencing parameters and 
guidelines required under section 544(e), be-
fore the date that is two years after the date 
of the enactment of this Act, the amend-
ments made by this part shall take effect on 
the date on which such regulations are pre-
scribed and shall apply with respect to of-
fenses that occur on or after that date. 
PART II—MILITARY JUSTICE IMPROVE-
MENT AND INCREASING PREVENTION 
SEC. 561. SHORT TITLE. 
This part may be cited as the ‘‘Military 
Justice Improvement and Increasing Preven-
tion Act of 2021’’. 
SEC. 562. IMPROVEMENT OF DETERMINATIONS 
ON DISPOSITION OF CHARGES FOR 
CERTAIN OFFENSES UNDER UCMJ 
WITH AUTHORIZED MAXIMUM SEN-
TENCE OF CONFINEMENT OF MORE 
THAN ONE YEAR. 
(a) IMPROVEMENT OF DETERMINATIONS.— 
(1) MILITARY DEPARTMENTS.—With respect 
to charges under chapter 47 of title 10, 
United States Code (the Uniform Code of 
Military Justice), that allege an offense 
specified in subsection (b) and not excluded 
under subsection (c), the Secretary of De-
fense shall require the Secretaries of the 
military departments to provide as described 
in subsection (d) for the determinations as 
follows: 
(A) Determinations under section 830 of 
such chapter (article 30 of the Uniform Code 
of Military Justice) on the preferral of 
charges. 
(B) Determinations under section 830 of 
such chapter (article 30 of the Uniform Code 
of Military Justice) on the disposition of 
charges. 
(C) Determinations under section 834 of 
such chapter (article 34 of the Uniform Code 
of Military Justice) on the referral of 
charges. 
(2) HOMELAND
SECURITY.—With respect to 
charges under chapter 47 of title 10, United 
States Code (the Uniform Code of Military 
Justice), that allege an offense specified in 
subsection (b) and not excluded under sub-
section (c) against a member of the Coast 
Guard (when it is not operating as a service 
in the Navy), the Secretary of Homeland Se-
curity shall provide as described in sub-
section (d) for the determinations as follows: 
(A) Determinations under section 830 of 
such chapter (article 30 of the Uniform Code 
of Military Justice) on the preferral of 
charges. 
(B) Determinations under section 830 of 
such chapter (article 30 of the Uniform Code 
of Military Justice) on the disposition of 
charges. 
(C) Determinations under section 834 of 
such chapter (article 34 of the Uniform Code 
of Military Justice) on the referral of 
charges. 
(3) RULE
OF
CONSTRUCTION.—This section 
shall not be construed to terminate or other-
wise alter the authorities enumerated in any 
articles of the Uniform Code of Military Jus-
tice other than articles 30 and 34 (10 U.S.C. 
830, 834). 
(b) COVERED OFFENSES.—An offense speci-
fied in this subsection is an offense as fol-
lows: 
(1)(A) Offenses under the following sections 
of chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code 
(the Uniform Code of Military Justice), for 
which the maximum punishment authorized 
under that chapter includes confinement for 
more than one year: sections 893a, 917a, 918, 
919, 919a, 919b, 920, 920a, 920b, 920c, 921, 921a, 
921b, 922, 924, 924a, 924b, 925, 926, 927, 928(b) 
and (c), 928a, 928b, 930, 931, 931a, 931b, 931c, 
931d, 931e, 931f, 931g, and 932 (articles 93a, 
117a, 118, 119, 119a, 119b, 120, 120a, 120b, 120c, 
121, 121a, 121b, 122, 124, 124a, 124b, 125, 126, 127, 
128(b) and (c), 128a, 128b, 130, 131, 131a, 131b, 
131c, 131d, 131e, 131f, 131g, and 132, respec-
tively, of the Uniform Code of Military Jus-
tice). 
(B) The offenses of child pornography, neg-
ligent homicide, indecent conduct, indecent 
language communicated to any child under 
the age of 16 years, and pandering and pros-
titution, as punishable under the general pu-
nitive article in 934 of such title (article 134 
of the Uniform Code of Military Justice). 
(2) A conspiracy to commit an offense spec-
ified in paragraph (1) as punishable under 
section 881 of title 10, United States Code 
(article 81 of the Uniform Code of Military 
Justice). 
(3) A solicitation to commit an offense 
specified in paragraph (1) as punishable 
under section 882 of title 10, United States 
Code (article 82 of the Uniform Code of Mili-
tary Justice). 
(4) An attempt to commit an offense speci-
fied in paragraph (1) as punishable under sec-
tion 880 of title 10, United States Code (arti-
cle 80 of the Uniform Code of Military Jus-
tice). 
(c) EXCLUDED
OFFENSES.—Subsection (a) 
does not apply to an offense as follows: 
(1) An offense under sections 883 through 
917 of title 10, United States Code (articles 83 
through 117 of the Uniform Code of Military 
Justice), but not an offense under section 
893a of such title (article 93a of the Uniform 
Code of Military Justice). 
(2) An offense under section 922a, 923, 923a, 
or 928(a) of title 10, United States Code (arti-
cles 122a, 123, 123a, and 128(a) of the Uniform 
Code of Military Justice). 
(3) An offense under section 933 or 934 of 
title 10, United States Code (articles 133 and 
134 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), 
but not the offense of child pornography, 
negligent homicide, indecent conduct, inde-
cent language communicated to any child 
under the age of 16 years, or pandering and 
prostitution as punishable under the general 
punitive article in section 934 of such title 
(article 134 of the Uniform Code of Military 
Justice). 
(4) A conspiracy to commit an offense spec-
ified in paragraphs (1) through (3) as punish-
able under section 881 of title 10, United 
States Code (article 81 of the Uniform Code 
of Military Justice). 
(5) A solicitation to commit an offense 
specified in paragraphs (1) through (3) as 
punishable under section 882 of title 10, 
United States Code (article 82 of the Uniform 
Code of Military Justice). 
(6) An attempt to commit an offense speci-
fied in paragraphs (1) through (3) as punish-
able under section 880 of title 10, United 
States Code (article 80 of the Uniform Code 
of Military Justice). 
(d) REQUIREMENTS
AND LIMITATIONS.—The 
disposition of charges covered by subsection 
(a) shall be subject to the following: 
(1) The determination whether to cause 
charges to be preferred or refer such charges 
to a court-martial for trial, as applicable, 
shall be made by a commissioned officer of 
the Armed Forces designated as a court-mar-
tial convening authority in accordance with 
regulations prescribed for purposes of this 
subsection from among commissioned offi-
cers of the Armed Forces in grade O–6 or 
higher who— 
(A) are available for detail as trial counsel 
under section 827 of title 10, United States 
Code (article 27 of the Uniform Code of Mili-
tary Justice); 
(B) have significant experience in trials by 
general or special court-martial; and 
(C) are outside the chain of command of 
the member subject to such charges. 
(2) Upon a determination under paragraph 
(1) to refer charges to a court-martial for 
trial, the officer making that determination 
shall 
determine 
whether 
to 
refer 
such 
charges for trial by a general court-martial 
convened under section 822 of title 10, United 
States Code (article 22 of the Uniform Code 
of Military Justice), or a special court-mar-
tial convened under section 823 of title 10, 
United States Code (article 23 of the Uniform 
Code of Military Justice). 
(3) A determination under paragraph (1) to 
cause charges to be preferred or refer charges 
to a court-martial for trial, as applicable, 
shall cover all known offenses, including 
lesser included offenses. 
(4) The determination to cause charges to 
be preferred or refer charges to a court-mar-
tial for trial, as applicable, under paragraph 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00036
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 47-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8579 
November 19, 2021 
(1), and the type of court-martial to which to 
refer under paragraph (2), shall be binding on 
any applicable convening authority for the 
referral of such charges. 
(5) The actions of an officer described in 
paragraph (1) in determining under that 
paragraph whether or not to cause charges to 
be preferred or refer charges to a court-mar-
tial for trial, as applicable, shall be free of 
unlawful or unauthorized influence or coer-
cion. 
(6) The determination under paragraph (1) 
not to refer charges to a general or special 
court-martial for trial shall not operate to 
terminate or otherwise alter the authority of 
commanding officers to refer charges for 
trial by special court-martial under section 
823 of title 10, United States Code (article 23 
of the Uniform Code of Military Justice) or 
summary court-martial convened under sec-
tion 824 of title 10, United States Code (arti-
cle 24 of the Uniform Code of Military Jus-
tice), or to impose non-judicial punishment 
in connection with the conduct covered by 
such charges as authorized by section 815 of 
title 10, United States Code (article 15 of the 
Uniform Code of Military Justice). 
(7) The determination under paragraph (1) 
to refer charges to a general or special court- 
martial shall not be subject to section 834 of 
title 10, United States Code (article 34 of the 
Uniform Code of Military Justice), provided 
that the officer making the determination 
determines that— 
(A) the specification alleges an offense 
under the Uniform Code of Military Justice; 
(B) there is probable cause to believe that 
the accused committed the offense charged; 
and 
(C) a court-martial would have jurisdiction 
over the accused and the offense. 
(e) CONSTRUCTION WITH CHARGES ON OTHER 
OFFENSES.—Nothing in this section shall be 
construed to alter or affect the preferral, dis-
position, or referral authority of charges 
under chapter 47 of title 10, United States 
Code (the Uniform Code of Military Justice), 
that allege an offense for which the max-
imum punishment authorized under that 
chapter includes confinement for one year or 
less, except for the offenses of child pornog-
raphy, negligent homicide, indecent conduct, 
indecent language communicated to any 
child under the age of 16 years, and pan-
dering and prostitution as punishable under 
the general punitive article in section 934 of 
such title (article 134 of the Uniform Code of 
Military Justice). 
(f) POLICIES AND PROCEDURES.— 
(1) IN
GENERAL.—The Secretaries of the 
military departments and the Secretary of 
Homeland Security (with respect to the 
Coast Guard when it is not operating as a 
service in the Navy) shall revise policies and 
procedures as necessary to comply with this 
section. 
(2) UNIFORMITY.—The General Counsel of 
the Department of Defense and the General 
Counsel of the Department of Homeland Se-
curity shall jointly review the policies and 
procedures revised under this subsection in 
order to ensure that any lack of uniformity 
in policies and procedures, as so revised, 
among the military departments and the De-
partment of Homeland Security does not 
render unconstitutional any policy or proce-
dure, as so revised. 
(g) MANUAL
FOR
COURTS-MARTIAL.—The 
Secretary of Defense shall recommend such 
changes to the Manual for Courts-Martial as 
are necessary to ensure compliance with this 
section. 
(h) IMPROVED SPECIALIZATION OF CRIMINAL 
INVESTIGATORS.—The Secretary of Defense 
shall revise policies and procedures as nec-
essary to improve specialization of criminal 
investigators to help increase the efficiency 
and effectiveness of sexual assault and do-
mestic violence investigations. 
SEC. 563. MODIFICATION OF OFFICERS AUTHOR-
IZED TO CONVENE GENERAL AND 
SPECIAL 
COURTS-MARTIAL 
FOR 
CERTAIN OFFENSES UNDER UCMJ 
WITH AUTHORIZED MAXIMUM SEN-
TENCE OF CONFINEMENT OF MORE 
THAN ONE YEAR. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Subsection (a) of section 
822 of title 10, United States Code (article 22 
of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), is 
amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraphs (8) and (9) 
as paragraphs (9) and (10), respectively; and 
(2) by inserting after paragraph (7) the fol-
lowing new paragraph (8): 
‘‘(8) with respect to offenses to which sec-
tion 562(a) of the Military Justice Improve-
ment and Increasing Prevention Act of 2021 
applies, the officers in the offices established 
pursuant to section 563(c) of that Act or offi-
cers in the grade of O–6 or higher who are as-
signed such responsibility by the Chief of 
Staff of the Army, the Chief of Naval Oper-
ations, the Chief of Staff of the Air Force, 
the Commandant of the Marine Corps, or the 
Commandant of the Coast Guard;’’. 
(b) NO EXERCISE BY OFFICERS IN CHAIN OF 
COMMAND OF ACCUSED OR VICTIM.—Such sec-
tion (article) is further amended by adding 
at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(c) An officer specified in subsection (a)(8) 
may not convene a court-martial under this 
section if the officer is in the chain of com-
mand of the accused or the victim.’’. 
(c) OFFICES OF CHIEFS OF STAFF ON COURTS- 
MARTIAL.— 
(1) OFFICES REQUIRED.—Each Chief of Staff 
of the Armed Forces or Commandant speci-
fied in paragraph (8) of section 822(a) of title 
10, United States Code (article 22(a) of the 
Uniform Code of Military Justice), as amend-
ed by subsection (a), shall establish an office 
to do the following: 
(A) To convene general and special courts- 
martial under sections 822 and 823 of title 10, 
United States Code (articles 22 and 23 of the 
Uniform Code of Military Justice), pursuant 
to paragraph (8) of section 822(a) of title 10, 
United States Code (article 22(a) of the Uni-
form Code of Military Justice), as so amend-
ed, with respect to offenses to which section 
562(a) applies. 
(B) To detail under section 825 of title 10, 
United States Code (article 25 of the Uniform 
Code of Military Justice), members of 
courts-martial convened as described in sub-
paragraph (A). 
(2) PERSONNEL.—The personnel of each of-
fice established under paragraph (1) shall 
consist of such members of the Armed Forces 
and civilian personnel of the Department of 
Defense, or such members of the Coast Guard 
or civilian personnel of the Department of 
Homeland Security, as may be detailed or as-
signed to the office by the Chief of Staff or 
Commandant concerned. The members and 
personnel so detailed or assigned, as the case 
may be, shall be detailed or assigned from 
personnel billets in existence as of the effec-
tive date for this part specified in section 
570. 
SEC. 564. DISCHARGE USING OTHERWISE AU-
THORIZED 
PERSONNEL 
AND 
RE-
SOURCES. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—The Secretaries of the 
military departments and the Secretary of 
Homeland Security (with respect to the 
Coast Guard when it is not operating as a 
service in the Navy) shall carry out sections 
562 and 563 using personnel, funds, and re-
sources otherwise authorized by law. 
(b) NO AUTHORIZATION OF ADDITIONAL PER-
SONNEL OR RESOURCES.—Sections 562 and 563 
shall not be construed as authorizations for 
personnel, personnel billets, or funds for the 
discharge of the requirements in such sec-
tions. 
SEC. 565. MONITORING AND ASSESSMENT OF 
MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITIES BY 
DEFENSE ADVISORY COMMITTEE ON 
INVESTIGATION, PROSECUTION, AND 
DEFENSE OF SEXUAL ASSAULT IN 
THE ARMED FORCES. 
Section 546(c) of the Carl Levin and How-
ard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (10 
U.S.C. 1561 note) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)— 
(A) by striking ‘‘on the investigation’’ and 
inserting ‘‘on the following: 
‘‘(A) The investigation’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following new 
subparagraph: 
‘‘(B) The implementation and efficacy of 
sections 562 through 564 of the Military Jus-
tice Improvement and Increasing Prevention 
Act of 2021 and the amendments made by 
such sections.’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘paragraph 
(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (1)(A)’’. 
SEC. 566. LIMITATION ON MODIFICATIONS TO 
SEXUAL ASSAULT REPORTING PRO-
CEDURES. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of Defense 
may not amend section 4 of enclosure 4 of 
Department of Defense Instruction (DoDI) 
6495.02, relating to Sexual Assault Preven-
tion and Response (SAPR) Program Proce-
dures, or otherwise prescribe any regulations 
or guidance relating to the treatment and 
handling of unrestricted and restricted re-
ports of sexual assault, until 30 days after 
notifying the congressional defense commit-
tees of the proposed amendment or modifica-
tion. 
(b) CONGRESSIONAL
DEFENSE
COMMITTEES 
DEFINED.—In this section, the term ‘‘con-
gressional defense committees’’ has the 
meaning given the term in section 101(a) of 
title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 567. PROFESSIONALIZATION OF MILITARY 
PROSECUTORS. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of Defense 
shall 
increase 
enhanced 
and specialized 
training to certain prosecutors on the proper 
conduct, presentation, and handling of sex-
ual assault and domestic violence cases. 
(b) REPORT.—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the 
Secretary of Defense shall submit to the con-
gressional defense committees a report on 
the program implemented under subsection 
(a). 
SEC. 568. INCREASED TRAINING AND EDUCATION 
ON MILITARY SEXUAL ASSAULT. 
(a) UNIFORMED OFFICERS
AND SENIOR EN-
LISTED LEADERS.— 
(1) UNIFORMED OFFICERS.—All uniformed of-
ficers of the military services shall be re-
quired within 2 years of the date of the en-
actment of this Act to complete training on 
military sexual assault prevention equiva-
lent to that provided to Sexual Assault Pre-
vention and Response Victim Advocates be-
fore those officers may be considered for pro-
motion to a grade at or above O–5. A portion 
of this training shall be in-person, facilitated 
training. 
(2) ENLISTED LEADERS.—All senior enlisted 
leaders of the military services will be re-
quired within 2 years of the date of the en-
actment of this Act to complete a training 
on military sexual assault prevention equiv-
alent to that provided to the Sexual Assault 
Prevention and Response Victim Advocates 
before enlisted service members may be con-
sidered for promotion to a grade at or above 
E–9. A portion of this training shall be in- 
person, facilitated training. 
(b) OFFICER CANDIDATES AND ROTC.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—The United States Army 
Cadet Command, the Naval Education and 
Training Command, the Air Education and 
Training Command, and the Coast Guard Re-
cruiting Command shall carry out a program 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00037
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 48-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8580 
November 19, 2021 
for increasing training on the prevention of 
military sexual assault within cadet ranks. 
A portion of this training shall be in-person, 
facilitated training. 
(2) REPORT ON DEVELOPMENT OF PLAN.—Not 
later than 180 days after the date of the en-
actment of this Act, the United States Army 
Cadet Command, the Naval Education and 
Training Command, the Air Education and 
Training Command, and the Coast Guard Re-
cruiting Command shall submit to the con-
gressional defense committees a report on 
the development of the program required 
under paragraph (1) and a plan for execution. 
(3) REPORT ON IMPLEMENTATION.—Not later 
than 2 years after the date of the enactment 
of this Act, the United States Army Cadet 
Command, the Naval Education and Training 
Command, the Air Education and Training 
Command, and the Coast Guard Recruiting 
Command shall submit to the congressional 
defense committees a report on the imple-
mentation of the program required under 
paragraph (1). 
(c) MILITARY SERVICE ACADEMIES.— 
(1) IN
GENERAL.—The Superintendents of 
the military service academies shall carry 
out additional military sexual assault pre-
vent training and education at the acad-
emies. A portion of this training shall be in- 
person, facilitated training. 
(2) REPORT.—The Secretary of Defense, in 
consultation with the Superintendents of the 
military service academies, shall submit a 
report to the congressional defense commit-
tees describing the additional training and 
education implemented pursuant to para-
graph (1). 
SEC. 569. INCREASING THE PHYSICAL SECURITY 
OF MILITARY INSTALLATIONS. 
(a) SURVEY.—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the 
Secretary of Defense shall conduct a survey 
of all lodging and living spaces on military 
installations to identify, replace, or repair 
locking mechanisms on points of entry, iden-
tify areas of installation of closed-circuit 
television (CCTV) security cameras, and 
other passive security measures as necessary 
to increase the prevention of crimes, includ-
ing sexual assault, on military installations. 
(b) REPORT.—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the 
Secretary of Defense shall submit to the con-
gressional defense committees a report on 
the results of the survey conducted under 
subsection (a). 
(c) PROGRAM.—Based on the results of the 
survey conducted under subsection (a), the 
Secretary of Defense shall carry out a pro-
gram for increasing the security of all lodg-
ing and living spaces on military installa-
tions, including replacing or repairing lock-
ing mechanisms on points of entry, installa-
tion of CCTV security cameras, and other 
passive security measures as necessary to in-
crease the prevention of crimes, including 
sexual assault, on military installations. 
SEC. 570. EFFECTIVE DATE AND APPLICABILITY. 
(a) EFFECTIVE DATE AND APPLICABILITY.— 
This part and the amendments made by this 
part shall take effect 180 days after the date 
of the enactment of this Act, and shall apply 
with respect to any allegation of charges of 
an offense specified in subsection (b) of sec-
tion 562, and not excluded under subsection 
(c) of section 562, which offense occurs on or 
after such effective date. 
(b) REVISIONS
OF
POLICIES
AND
PROCE-
DURES.—Any revision of policies and proce-
dures required of the military departments 
or the Department of Homeland Security as 
a result of this part and the amendments 
made by this part shall be completed so as to 
come into effect together with the coming 
into effect of this part and the amendments 
made by this part in accordance with sub-
section (a). 
Subtitle E—Member Education, Training, and 
Transition 
SEC. 571. MODIFICATION OF GRANT PROGRAM 
SUPPORTING 
SCIENCE, 
TECH-
NOLOGY, ENGINEERING, AND MATH 
EDUCATION IN THE JUNIOR RE-
SERVE OFFICERS’ TRAINING CORPS 
TO INCLUDE QUANTUM INFORMA-
TION SCIENCES. 
Section 2036(g)(2) of title 10, United States 
Code, as added by section 513(a) of the Wil-
liam M. (Mac) Thornberry National Defense 
Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2021 (Pub-
lic Law 116–283), is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subparagraphs (J) 
through (M) as subparagraphs (K) through 
(N), respectively; and 
(2) by inserting after subparagraph (I) the 
following new subparagraph: 
‘‘(J) quantum information sciences;’’. 
SEC. 572. ALLOCATION OF AUTHORITY FOR NOMI-
NATIONS TO THE MILITARY SERVICE 
ACADEMIES IN THE EVENT OF THE 
DEATH, RESIGNATION, OR EXPUL-
SION FROM OFFICE OF A MEMBER 
OF CONGRESS. 
(a) UNITED STATES MILITARY ACADEMY.— 
(1) IN
GENERAL.—Chapter 753 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by inserting 
after section 7442 the following new section: 
‘‘§ 7442a. Cadets: nomination in event of 
death, resignation, or expulsion from office 
of member of Congress otherwise author-
ized to nominate 
‘‘(a) SENATORS.—In the event a Senator 
does not submit nominations for cadets for 
an academic year in accordance with section 
7442(a)(3) of this title due to death, resigna-
tion from office, or expulsion from office and 
the date of the swearing-in of the Senator’s 
successor as Senator occurs after the date of 
the deadline for submittal of nominations for 
cadets for the academic year, the nomina-
tions for cadets otherwise authorized to be 
made by the Senator pursuant to such sec-
tion shall be made instead by the other Sen-
ator from the State concerned. 
‘‘(b) REPRESENTATIVES.—In the event a 
Representative from a State does not submit 
nominations for cadets for an academic year 
in accordance with section 7442(a)(4) of this 
title due to death, resignation from office, or 
expulsion from office and the date of the 
swearing-in of the Representative’s successor 
as Representative occurs after the date of 
the deadline for submittal of nominations for 
cadets for the academic year, the nomina-
tions for cadets otherwise authorized to be 
made by the Representative pursuant to 
such section shall be made instead by the 
Senators from the State from the district of 
the Representative, with such nominations 
divided equally among such Senators and 
any remainder going to the senior Senator 
from the State. 
‘‘(c) CONSTRUCTION
OF
AUTHORITY.—Any 
nomination for cadets made by a Senator 
pursuant to this section is in addition to any 
nomination for cadets otherwise authorized 
the Senator under section 7442 of this title or 
any other provision of law.’’. 
(2) CLERICAL
AMENDMENT.—The table of 
sections at the beginning of chapter 753 of 
such title is amended by inserting after the 
item relating to section 7442 the following 
new item: 
‘‘7442a. Cadets: nomination in event of death, 
resignation, or expulsion from 
office of member of Congress 
otherwise authorized to nomi-
nate.’’. 
(b) UNITED STATES NAVAL ACADEMY.— 
(1) IN
GENERAL.—Chapter 853 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by inserting 
after section 8454 the following new section: 
‘‘§ 8454a. Midshipmen: nomination in event of 
death, resignation, or expulsion from office 
of member of Congress otherwise author-
ized to nominate 
‘‘(a) SENATORS.—In the event a Senator 
does not submit nominations for midshipmen 
for an academic year in accordance with sec-
tion 8454(a)(3) of this title due to death, res-
ignation from office, or expulsion from office 
and the date of the swearing-in of the Sen-
ator’s successor as Senator occurs after the 
date of the deadline for submittal of nomina-
tions for midshipmen for the academic year, 
the nominations for midshipmen otherwise 
authorized to be made by the Senator pursu-
ant to such section shall be made instead by 
the other Senator from the State concerned. 
‘‘(b) REPRESENTATIVES.—In the event a 
Representative from a State does not submit 
nominations for midshipmen for an academic 
year in accordance with section 8454(a)(4) of 
this title due to death, resignation from of-
fice, or expulsion from office and the date of 
the swearing-in of the Representative’s suc-
cessor as Representative occurs after the 
date of the deadline for submittal of nomina-
tions for midshipmen for the academic year, 
the nominations for midshipmen otherwise 
authorized to be made by the Representative 
pursuant to such section shall be made in-
stead by the Senators from the State from 
the district of the Representative, with such 
nominations divided equally among such 
Senators and any remainder going to the 
senior Senator from the State. 
‘‘(c) CONSTRUCTION
OF
AUTHORITY.—Any 
nomination for midshipmen made by a Sen-
ator pursuant to this section is in addition 
to any nomination for midshipmen otherwise 
authorized the Senator under section 8454 of 
this title or any other provision of law.’’. 
(2) CLERICAL
AMENDMENT.—The table of 
sections at the beginning of chapter 853 of 
such title is amended by inserting after the 
item relating to section 8454 the following 
new item: 
‘‘8454a. Midshipmen: nomination in event of 
death, resignation, or expulsion 
from office of member of Con-
gress otherwise authorized to 
nominate.’’. 
(c) AIR FORCE ACADEMY.— 
(1) IN
GENERAL.—Chapter 953 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by inserting 
after section 9442 the following new section: 
‘‘§ 9442a. Cadets: nomination in event of 
death, resignation, or expulsion from office 
of member of Congress otherwise author-
ized to nominate 
‘‘(a) SENATORS.—In the event a Senator 
does not submit nominations for cadets for 
an academic year in accordance with section 
9442(a)(3) of this title due to death, resigna-
tion from office, or expulsion from office and 
the date of the swearing-in of the Senator’s 
successor as Senator occurs after the date of 
the deadline for submittal of nominations for 
cadets for the academic year, the nomina-
tions for cadets otherwise authorized to be 
made by the Senator pursuant to such sec-
tion shall be made instead by the other Sen-
ator from the State concerned. 
‘‘(b) REPRESENTATIVES.—In the event a 
Representative from a State does not submit 
nominations for cadets for an academic year 
in accordance with section 9442(a)(4) of this 
title due to death, resignation from office, or 
expulsion from office and the date of the 
swearing-in of the Representative’s successor 
as Representative occurs after the date of 
the deadline for submittal of nominations for 
cadets for the academic year, the nomina-
tions for cadets otherwise authorized to be 
made by the Representative pursuant to 
such section shall be made instead by the 
Senators from the State from the district of 
the Representative, with such nominations 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00038
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 49-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8581 
November 19, 2021 
divided equally among such Senators and 
any remainder going to the senior Senator 
from the State. 
‘‘(c) CONSTRUCTION
OF
AUTHORITY.—Any 
nomination for cadets made by a Senator 
pursuant to this section is in addition to any 
nomination of cadets otherwise authorized 
the Senator under section 9442 of this title or 
any other provision of law.’’. 
(2) CLERICAL
AMENDMENT.—The table of 
sections at the beginning of chapter 953 of 
such title is amended by inserting after the 
item relating to section 9442 the following 
new item: 
‘‘9442a. Cadets: nomination in event of death, 
resignation, or expulsion from 
office of member of Congress 
otherwise authorized to nomi-
nate.’’. 
SEC. 573. TROOPS-TO-TEACHERS PROGRAM. 
(a) REQUIREMENT
TO
CARRY
OUT
PRO-
GRAM.—Section 1154(b) of title 10, United 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘may’’ 
and inserting ‘‘shall’’. 
(b) REPORTING REQUIREMENT.—Section 1154 
of title 10, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsection (i) as sub-
section (j); and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (h) the fol-
lowing new subsection: 
‘‘(i) ANNUAL REPORT.—(1) Not later than 
December 1, 2022, and annually thereafter, 
the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the 
appropriate congressional committees a re-
port on the Program. 
‘‘(2) The report required under paragraph 
(1) shall include the following elements: 
‘‘(A) The total cost of the Program for the 
most recent fiscal year. 
‘‘(B) The total number of teachers placed 
during such fiscal year and the locations of 
such placements. 
‘‘(C) An assessment of the STEM back-
grounds of the teachers placed, the number 
of placements in high-need schools, and any 
other metric or information the Secretary 
considers appropriate to illustrate the cost 
and benefits of the program to members of 
the armed forces, veterans, and local edu-
cational agencies. 
‘‘(3) In this subsection, the term ‘appro-
priate congressional committees’ means— 
‘‘(A) the Committee on Armed Services and 
the Committee on Help, Education, Labor, 
and Pensions of the Senate; and 
‘‘(B) the Committee on Armed Services and 
the Committee on Education and Labor of 
the House of Representatives.’’. 
(c) SUNSET.—Section 1154 of title 10, United 
States Code, as amended by subsection (b), is 
further amended by adding at the end the 
following new subsection: 
‘‘(k) SUNSET.—The Program shall termi-
nate on July 1, 2025, with respect to the se-
lection of new participants for the program. 
Participants in the Program as of that date 
may complete their program, and remain eli-
gible for benefits under this section.’’. 
SEC. 574. COMBATING FOREIGN MALIGN INFLU-
ENCE. 
Section 589E of the William M. (Mac) 
Thornberry National Defense Authorization 
Act for Fiscal Year 2021 (Public Law 116–283) 
is amended— 
(1) by striking subsections (d) and (e); and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-
lowing new subsections: 
‘‘(d) ESTABLISHMENT OF WORKING GROUP.— 
(1) Not later than one year after the date of 
the enactment of this subsection, the Sec-
retary of Defense shall establish a working 
group to assist the official designated under 
subsection (b), as follows: 
‘‘(A) In the identification of mediums used 
by covered foreign countries to identify, ac-
cess, 
and 
endeavor 
to 
influence 
servicemembers and Department of Defense 
civilian employees through foreign malign 
influence campaigns and the themes con-
veyed through such mediums. 
‘‘(B) In coordinating and integrating the 
training program under this subsection in 
order to enhance and strengthen service-
member and Department of Defense civilian 
employee awareness of and defenses against 
foreign malign influence, including by bol-
stering information literacy. 
‘‘(C) In such other tasks deemed appro-
priate by the Secretary of Defense or the of-
ficial designated under subsection (b). 
‘‘(2) The official designed under subsection 
(b) and the working group established under 
this subsection shall consult with the For-
eign Malign Influence Response Center es-
tablished pursuant to section 3059 of title 50, 
United States Code. 
‘‘(e) REPORT REQUIRED.—Not later than 18 
months after the establishment of the work-
ing group, the Secretary shall submit to the 
Committees on Armed Services of the Senate 
and the House of Representatives a report on 
the results of the working group, its activi-
ties, the effectiveness of the counter foreign 
malign influence activities carried out under 
this section, the metrics applied to deter-
mined effectiveness, and the actual costs as-
sociated with actions undertaken pursuant 
to this section. 
‘‘(f) DEFINITIONS.—In this section: 
‘‘(1) FOREIGN MALIGN INFLUENCE.—The term 
‘foreign malign influence’ has the meaning 
given that term in section 119C of the Na-
tional Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3059). 
‘‘(2) COVERED FOREIGN COUNTRY.—The term 
‘covered foreign country’ has the meaning 
given that term in section 119C of the Na-
tional Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3059) 
‘‘(3) INFORMATION LITERACY.—The term ‘in-
formation literacy’ means the set of skills 
needed to find, retrieve, understand, evalu-
ate, analyze, and effectively use information 
(which encompasses spoken and broadcast 
words and videos, printed materials, and dig-
ital content, data, and images).’’. 
SEC. 575. PROHIBITION ON IMPLEMENTATION BY 
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE ACAD-
EMY OF CIVILIAN FACULTY TENURE 
SYSTEM. 
The Secretary of Defense may not imple-
ment a civilian faculty tenure system for the 
United States Air Force Academy (in this 
section referred to as the ‘‘Academy’’) until 
the Secretary submits to the Committees on 
Armed Services of the Senate and the House 
of Representatives a report assessing the fol-
lowing: 
(1) How a civilian faculty tenure system 
would promote the mission of the Academy. 
(2) How a civilian faculty tenure system 
would affect the current curricular govern-
ance process of the Academy. 
(3) How the Academy will determine the 
number of civilian faculty at the Academy 
who would be granted tenure. 
(4) How a tenure system would be struc-
tured for Federal employees at the Academy, 
including exact details of specific protec-
tions and limitations. 
(5) The budget implications of imple-
menting a tenure system for the Academy. 
(6) The faculty qualifications that would be 
required to earn and maintain tenure. 
(7) The reasons for termination of tenure 
that will be implemented and how a tenure 
termination effort would be conducted. 
Subtitle F—Military Family Readiness and 
Dependents’ Education 
SEC. 581. CERTAIN ASSISTANCE TO LOCAL EDU-
CATIONAL AGENCIES THAT BENEFIT 
DEPENDENTS OF MILITARY AND CI-
VILIAN PERSONNEL. 
(a) CONTINUATION OF AUTHORITY TO ASSIST 
LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCIES THAT BENEFIT 
DEPENDENTS
OF
MEMBERS
OF
THE
ARMED 
FORCES AND DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE CIVIL-
IAN EMPLOYEES.— 
(1) ASSISTANCE
TO
SCHOOLS
WITH
SIGNIFI-
CANT NUMBERS OF MILITARY DEPENDENT STU-
DENTS.—Of the amount authorized to be ap-
propriated for fiscal year 2022 by section 301 
and available for operation and maintenance 
for Defense-wide activities as specified in the 
funding table in section 4301, $50,000,000 shall 
be available only for the purpose of providing 
assistance to local educational agencies 
under subsection (a) of section 572 of the Na-
tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal 
Year 2006 (Public Law 109–163; 20 U.S.C. 
7703b). 
(2) LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY DEFINED.— 
In this subsection, the term ‘‘local edu-
cational agency’’ has the meaning given that 
term in section 7013(9) of the Elementary and 
Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 
7713(9)). 
(b) IMPACT AID FOR CHILDREN WITH SEVERE 
DISABILITIES.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—Of the amount authorized 
to be appropriated for fiscal year 2022 pursu-
ant to section 301 and available for operation 
and maintenance for Defense-wide activities 
as specified in the funding table in section 
4301, $10,000,000 shall be available for pay-
ments under section 363 of the Floyd D. 
Spence National Defense Authorization Act 
for Fiscal Year 2001 (as enacted into law by 
Public Law 106–398; 114 Stat. 1654A–77; 20 
U.S.C. 7703a). 
(2) ADDITIONAL
AMOUNT.—Of the amount 
authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 
2022 pursuant to section 301 and available for 
operation and maintenance for Defense-wide 
activities as specified in the funding table in 
section 4301, $10,000,000 shall be available for 
use by the Secretary of Defense to make pay-
ments to local educational agencies deter-
mined by the Secretary to have higher con-
centrations of military children with severe 
disabilities. 
(3) REPORT.—Not later than March 31, 2022, 
the Secretary shall brief the Committees on 
Armed Services of the Senate and the House 
of Representatives on the Department’s eval-
uation of each local educational agency with 
higher concentrations of military children 
with severe disabilities and subsequent de-
termination of the amounts of impact aid 
each such agency shall receive. 
SEC. 582. PILOT PROGRAM TO ESTABLISH EM-
PLOYMENT FELLOWSHIP OPPORTU-
NITIES FOR MILITARY SPOUSES. 
(a) ESTABLISHMENT.—Not later than one 
year after the date of the enactment of this 
Act, the Secretary of Defense may establish 
a three-year pilot program to provide em-
ployment support to the spouses of members 
of the Armed Forces through a paid fellow-
ship with employers across a variety of in-
dustries. In carrying out the pilot program, 
the Secretary shall take the following steps: 
(1) Enter into a contract or other agree-
ment to conduct a career fellowship pilot 
program for military spouses. 
(2) Determine the appropriate capacity for 
the pilot program based on annual funding 
availability. 
(3) Establish evaluation criteria to deter-
mine measures of effectiveness and cost-ben-
efit analysis of the pilot program in sup-
porting military spouse employment. 
(b) LIMITATION ON TOTAL AMOUNT OF AS-
SISTANCE.—The total amount of the pilot 
program may not exceed $5,000,000 over the 
life of the pilot. 
(c) REPORTS.—Not later than two years 
after the Secretary establishes the pilot pro-
gram, the Secretary shall submit to the 
Committees on Armed Services of the Senate 
and the House of Representatives an interim 
report that includes the following elements: 
(1) The number of spouses who participated 
in the pilot program annually. 
(2) The amount of funding spent through 
the pilot program annually. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00039
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 50-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8582 
November 19, 2021 
(3) A recommendation of the Secretary re-
garding whether to discontinue, expand, or 
make the pilot program permanent. 
(d) FINAL REPORT.—Not later than 180 days 
after the pilot program ends, the Secretary 
shall submit to the Committees on Armed 
Services of the Senate and the House of Rep-
resentatives a final report that includes the 
following elements: 
(1) The number of spouses who participated 
in the pilot program. 
(2) The amount of funding spent through 
the pilot program. 
(3) An evaluation of outcomes. 
(4) A recommendation of the Secretary re-
garding whether to make the pilot program 
permanent. 
(e) TERMINATION.—The pilot program shall 
terminate three years after the date on 
which the Secretary establishes the pilot 
program. 
Subtitle G—Other Matters and Reports 
SEC. 591. AMENDMENTS TO ADDITIONAL DEPUTY 
INSPECTOR GENERAL OF THE DE-
PARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
Section 554(a) of the William M. (Mac) 
Thornberry National Defense Authorization 
Act for Fiscal Year 2021 (Public Law 116–283) 
is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)— 
(A) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A), by striking ‘‘Secretary of Defense’’ and 
inserting ‘‘Inspector General of the Depart-
ment of Defense’’; 
(B) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘of 
the Department’’; and 
(C) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘re-
port directly to and serve’’ and inserting 
‘‘be’’; 
(2) in paragraph (2)(A)— 
(A) in the matter preceding clause (i), by 
striking ‘‘Conducting and supervising audits, 
investigations, and evaluations’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘Developing and carrying out a plan for 
the conduct of comprehensive oversight, in-
cluding through the conduct and supervision 
of audits, investigations, and inspections’’; 
and 
(B) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘duties of’’ 
and inserting ‘‘duties assigned to’’; and 
(3) in paragraph (4)— 
(A) in subparagraph (B)— 
(i) by striking ‘‘Secretary and’’; and 
(ii) by inserting before the period at the 
end the following: ‘‘, for inclusion in the next 
semiannual report of the Inspector General 
under section 5 of the Inspector General Act 
of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.).’’; 
(B) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘and 
Inspector General’’; 
(C) in subparagraph (D)— 
(i) by striking ‘‘Deputy’’; 
(ii) by striking ‘‘and the Inspector Gen-
eral’’; and 
(iii) by striking ‘‘direct’’ and inserting ‘‘di-
rect or determine, as the case may be’’; and 
(D) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘of 
the 
Department’’ 
and 
all 
that 
follows 
through ‘‘Representatives’’ and inserting 
‘‘consistent with the requirements of the In-
spector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.)’’. 
SEC. 592. INCLUSION OF SENIOR RESERVE OFFI-
CERS’ TRAINING CORPS DATA IN DI-
VERSITY AND INCLUSION REPORT-
ING. 
Section 113(m) of title 10, United States 
Code, as amended by section 551(a)(1) of the 
William M. (Mac) Thornberry National De-
fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2021 
(Public Law 116–283), is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraphs (5), (6), and 
(7) as paragraphs (6), (7), and (8), respec-
tively; and 
(2) by inserting after paragraph (4) the fol-
lowing new paragraph: 
‘‘(5) The number of graduates of the Senior 
Reserve Officers’ Training Corps during the 
fiscal 
year 
covered 
by 
the 
report, 
disaggregated by gender, race, and ethnicity, 
for each military department.’’. 
SEC. 593. MODIFIED DEADLINE FOR ESTABLISH-
MENT OF SPECIAL PURPOSE AD-
JUNCT TO ARMED SERVICES VOCA-
TIONAL APTITUDE BATTERY TEST. 
Section 594 of the William M. (Mac) Thorn-
berry National Defense Authorization Act 
for Fiscal Year 2021 (Public Law 116–283) is 
amended by striking ‘‘Not later than one 
year after the date of the enactment of this 
Act’’ and inserting ‘‘Not later than October 
1, 2024’’. 
SEC. 594. REPORTS ON AIR FORCE PERSONNEL 
PERFORMING 
DUTIES 
OF 
A 
NU-
CLEAR AND MISSILE OPERATIONS 
OFFICER (13N). 
(a) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of the Air 
Force shall submit to the congressional de-
fense committees a report on personnel per-
forming the duties of a Nuclear and Missile 
Operations Officer (13N)— 
(1) not later than 90 days after the date of 
the enactment of this Act; and 
(2) concurrent with the submission to Con-
gress of the budget of the President for each 
of fiscal years 2023 through 2027 pursuant to 
section 1105(a) of title 31, United States 
Code. 
(b) ELEMENTS.—Each report required by 
subsection (a) shall include the following: 
(1) The number of Nuclear and Missile Op-
erations Officers commissioned, by commis-
sioning source, during the most recent fiscal 
year that ended before submission of the re-
port. 
(2) A description of the rank structure and 
number of such officers by intercontinental 
ballistic missile operational group during 
that fiscal year. 
(3) The retention rate of such officers by 
intercontinental ballistic missile operational 
group during that fiscal year and an assess-
ment of reasons for any loss in retention of 
such officers. 
(4) A description of the rank structure and 
number of officers by intercontinental bal-
listic missile operational group performing 
alert duties by month during that fiscal 
year. 
(5) A description of the structure of incen-
tive pay for officers performing 13N duties 
during that fiscal year. 
(6) A personnel manning plan for managing 
officers performing alert duties during the 
period of five fiscal years after submission of 
the report. 
(7) A description of methods, with metrics, 
to manage the transition of Nuclear and Mis-
sile Operations Officers, by intercontinental 
ballistic missile operational group, to other 
career fields in the Air Force. 
(8) Such other matters as the Secretary 
considers appropriate to inform the congres-
sional defense committees with respect to 
the 13N career field during the period of five 
to ten fiscal years after submission of the re-
port. 
SEC. 595. REPORTS ON SECURITY FORCE PER-
SONNEL PERFORMING PROTECTION 
LEVEL ONE DUTIES. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of the Air 
Force shall submit to the congressional de-
fense committees a report on the status of 
security force personnel performing protec-
tion level one (PL–1) duties— 
(1) not later than 90 days after the date of 
the enactment of this Act; and 
(2) concurrent with the submission to Con-
gress of the budget of the President for each 
of fiscal years 2023 through 2027 pursuant to 
section 1105(a) of title 31, United States 
Code. 
(b) ELEMENTS.—Each report required by 
subsection (a) shall include the following: 
(1) The number of Air Force personnel per-
forming, and the number of unfilled billets 
designated for performance of, PL–1 duties 
on a full-time basis during the most recent 
fiscal year that ended before submission of 
the report. 
(2) 
The 
number 
of 
such 
personnel 
disaggregated by mission assignment during 
that fiscal year. 
(3) The number of such personnel and un-
filled billets at each major PL–1 installation 
during that fiscal year and a description of 
the rank structure of such personnel. 
(4) A statement of the time, by rank struc-
ture, such personnel were typically assigned 
to perform PL–1 duties at each major PL–1 
installation during that fiscal year. 
(5) The retention rate for security per-
sonnel performing such duties during that 
fiscal year. 
(6) The number of Air Force PL–1 security 
force members deployed to support another 
Air Force mission or a joint mission with an-
other military department during that fiscal 
year. 
(7) A description of the type of training for 
security personnel performing PL–1 duties 
during that fiscal year. 
(8) An assessment of the status of replacing 
the existing fleet of high mobility multipur-
pose 
wheeled 
vehicles 
(HMMWV) 
and 
BearCat armored vehicles, by PL–1 installa-
tion. 
(9) Such other matters as the Secretary 
considers appropriate relating to security 
force personnel performing PL–1 duties dur-
ing the period of five fiscal years after sub-
mission of the report. 
TITLE VI—MILITARY COMPENSATION 
SEC. 601. BASIC NEEDS ALLOWANCE FOR MEM-
BERS ON ACTIVE SERVICE IN THE 
ARMED FORCES. 
(a) IN
GENERAL.—Chapter 7 of title 37, 
United States Code, is amended by inserting 
after section 402a the following new section: 
‘‘§ 402b. Basic needs allowance for members 
on active service in the armed forces 
‘‘(a) ALLOWANCE REQUIRED.—The Secretary 
concerned shall pay to each member who is 
eligible under subsection (b) a basic needs al-
lowance in the amount determined for such 
member under subsection (c). 
‘‘(b) ELIGIBLE MEMBERS.—A member on ac-
tive service in the armed forces is eligible for 
the allowance under subsection (a) if— 
‘‘(1) the member has completed initial 
entry training; 
‘‘(2) the gross household income of the 
member during the most recent calendar 
year did not exceed an amount equal to 130 
percent of the Federal poverty guidelines of 
the Department of Health and Human Serv-
ices for the location of the member and the 
number of individuals in the household of 
the member for such year; and 
‘‘(3) the member— 
‘‘(A) is not ineligible for the allowance 
under subsection (d); and 
‘‘(B) does not elect under subsection (g) not 
to receive the allowance. 
‘‘(c) AMOUNT OF ALLOWANCE.—The amount 
of the monthly allowance payable to a mem-
ber under subsection (a) shall be the amount 
equal to— 
‘‘(1)(A) 130 percent of the Federal poverty 
guidelines of the Department of Health and 
Human Services for the calendar year during 
which the allowance is paid based on the lo-
cation of the member and the number of in-
dividuals in the household of the member 
during the month for which the allowance is 
paid; minus 
‘‘(B) the gross household income of the 
member during the preceding calendar year; 
divided by 
‘‘(2) 12. 
‘‘(d) BASES OF INELIGIBILITY.— 
‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—The following members 
are ineligible for the allowance under sub-
section (a): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00040
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 51-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8583 
November 19, 2021 
‘‘(A) A member who does not have any de-
pendents. 
‘‘(B) A cadet at the United States Military 
Academy, the United States Air Force Acad-
emy, or the Coast Guard Academy, a mid-
shipman at the United States Naval Acad-
emy, or a cadet or midshipman serving else-
where in the armed forces. 
‘‘(2) HOUSEHOLD WITH MORE THAN ONE ELIGI-
BLE MEMBER.—In the event a household con-
tains two or more members determined 
under subsection (f) to be eligible to receive 
the allowance under subsection (a), only one 
allowance may be paid to a member among 
such members as such members shall jointly 
elect. 
‘‘(3) AUTOMATIC INELIGIBILITY OF MEMBERS 
RECEIVING CERTAIN PAY INCREASES.—A mem-
ber determined to be eligible under sub-
section (f) for the allowance under sub-
section (a) whose monthly gross household 
income increases as a result of a promotion 
or other permanent increase to pay or allow-
ances under this title to an amount that, on 
an 
annualized 
basis, 
would 
exceed 
the 
amount described in subsection (b)(2) is in-
eligible for the allowance. If such member is 
receiving the allowance, payment of the al-
lowance shall automatically terminate with-
in a reasonable time, as determined by the 
Secretary of Defense in regulations pre-
scribed under subsection (j). 
‘‘(4) INELIGIBILITY OF CERTAIN CHANGES IN 
INCOME.—A member whose gross household 
income for the preceding year decreases be-
cause of a fine, forfeiture, or reduction in 
rank imposed as a part of disciplinary action 
or an action under chapter 47 of title 10 (the 
Uniform Code of Military Justice) is not eli-
gible for the allowance under subsection (a) 
solely as a result of the fine, forfeiture, or 
reduction in rank. 
‘‘(e) APPLICATION BY MEMBERS SEEKING AL-
LOWANCE.— 
‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—A member who seeks to 
receive the allowance under subsection (a) 
shall submit to the Secretary concerned an 
application for the allowance that includes 
such information as the Secretary may re-
quire in order to determine whether or not 
the member is eligible to receive the allow-
ance. 
‘‘(2) TIMING OF SUBMISSION.—A member who 
receives the allowance under subsection (a) 
and seeks to continue to receive the allow-
ance shall submit to the Secretary concerned 
an updated application under paragraph (1) 
at such times as the Secretary may require, 
but not less frequently than annually. 
‘‘(3) VOLUNTARY SUBMISSION.—The submis-
sion of an application under paragraph (1) is 
voluntary. 
‘‘(4) SCREENING
OF
MEMBERS
FOR
ELIGI-
BILITY.—The Secretary of Defense shall— 
‘‘(A) ensure that all members of the armed 
forces are screened during initial entry 
training and regularly thereafter for eligi-
bility for the allowance under subsection (a); 
and 
‘‘(B) notify any member so screened who 
may be eligible that the member may apply 
for the allowance by submitting an applica-
tion under paragraph (1). 
‘‘(f) DETERMINATIONS OF ELIGIBILITY.— 
‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary concerned 
shall— 
‘‘(A) determine whether each individual 
who submits an application under subsection 
(e) is eligible for the allowance under sub-
section (a); and 
‘‘(B) notify each such individual, in writ-
ing, of that determination. 
‘‘(2) INFORMATION INCLUDED IN NOTICE.—The 
notice under paragraph (1) shall include in-
formation regarding financial management 
and assistance programs for which the mem-
ber may be eligible. 
‘‘(g) ELECTION
NOT
TO
RECEIVE
ALLOW-
ANCE.— 
‘‘(1) IN
GENERAL.—A member determined 
under subsection (f) to be eligible for the al-
lowance under subsection (a) may elect, in 
writing, not to receive the allowance. 
‘‘(2) DEEMED
INELIGIBLE.—A member who 
does not submit an application under sub-
section (e) within a reasonable time (as de-
termined by the Secretary concerned) shall 
be deemed ineligible for the allowance under 
subsection (a). 
‘‘(h) SPECIAL
RULE
FOR
MEMBERS
STA-
TIONED OUTSIDE UNITED STATES.—In the case 
of a member assigned to a duty location out-
side the United States, the Secretary con-
cerned shall make the calculations described 
in subsections (b)(2) and (c)(1) using the Fed-
eral poverty guidelines of the Department of 
Health and Human Services for the conti-
nental United States. 
‘‘(i) REPORTS REQUIRED.—Not later than 
December 31, 2025, and June 1, 2028, the Sec-
retary of Defense shall submit to the con-
gressional defense committees a report on 
the effect of the allowance under subsection 
(a) on food insecurity among members of the 
armed forces. 
‘‘(j) REGULATIONS.—Not later than one year 
after the date of the enactment of the Na-
tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal 
Year 2022, the Secretary of Defense shall pre-
scribe regulations for the administration of 
this section. 
‘‘(k) EFFECTIVE PERIOD.— 
‘‘(1) IMPLEMENTATION
PERIOD.—The allow-
ance under subsection (a) is payable for 
months beginning on or after the date that is 
one year after the date of the enactment of 
the National Defense Authorization Act for 
Fiscal Year 2022. 
‘‘(2) TERMINATION.—The allowance under 
subsection (a) may not be paid for any 
month beginning after December 31, 2027. 
‘‘(l) DEFINITIONS.—In this section: 
‘‘(1) GROSS HOUSEHOLD INCOME.—The term 
‘gross household income’, with respect to a 
member, includes all household income de-
rived from any source. 
‘‘(2) HOUSEHOLD.—The term ‘household’ 
means a member and any dependents of the 
member enrolled in the Defense Enrollment 
Eligibility Reporting System, regardless of 
the location of those dependents.’’. 
(b) CLERICAL
AMENDMENT.—The table of 
sections at the beginning of chapter 7 of such 
title is amended by inserting after the item 
relating to section 402a the following new 
item: 
‘‘402b. Basic needs allowance for members on 
active service in the armed 
forces.’’. 
SEC. 602. EQUAL INCENTIVE PAY FOR MEMBERS 
OF THE RESERVE COMPONENTS OF 
THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Subchapter II of chapter 5 
of title 37, United States Code, is amended by 
adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘§ 357. Incentive pay authorities for members 
of the reserve components of the armed 
forces 
‘‘The Secretary concerned shall pay a 
member of the reserve component of an 
armed force incentive pay in the same 
monthly amount as that paid to a member in 
the regular component of such armed force 
performing comparable work requiring com-
parable skills.’’. 
(b) CLERICAL
AMENDMENT.—The table of 
sections at the beginning of such chapter is 
amended by inserting after the item relating 
to section 356 the following: 
‘‘357. Incentive pay authorities for members 
of the reserve components of 
the armed forces.’’. 
SEC. 603. EXTENSION OF EXPIRING TRAVEL AND 
TRANSPORTATION AUTHORITIES. 
(a) LODGING IN KIND FOR RESERVE COMPO-
NENT MEMBERS PERFORMING TRAINING.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—Section 12604 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(A) by amending the section heading to 
read as follows: ‘‘Lodging: Reserves attend-
ing training’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following new 
subsection: 
‘‘(c) LODGING IN KIND.—(1) In the case of a 
member of a reserve component performing 
active duty for training or inactive duty 
training who is not otherwise entitled to 
travel and transportation allowances in con-
nection with such duty, the Secretary con-
cerned may reimburse the member for hous-
ing service charge expenses incurred by the 
member in occupying transient government 
housing during the performance of such 
duty. If transient government housing is un-
available or inadequate, the Secretary con-
cerned may provide the member with lodging 
in kind. 
‘‘(2) Any payment or other benefit under 
this subsection shall be provided in accord-
ance with regulations prescribed by the Sec-
retary concerned. 
‘‘(3) The Secretary may pay service charge 
expenses under paragraph (1) and expenses of 
providing lodging in kind under such para-
graph out of funds appropriated for operation 
and maintenance for the reserve component 
concerned. Use of a Government charge card 
is authorized for payment of such expenses. 
‘‘(4) Decisions regarding the availability or 
adequacy of government housing at a mili-
tary installation under paragraph (1) shall be 
made by the installation commander.’’. 
(2) CLERICAL
AMENDMENT.—The table of 
sections for chapter 1217 of such title is 
amended by striking the item relating to 
section 12604 and inserting the following new 
item: 
‘‘12604. Lodging: Reserves attending train-
ing.’’. 
(b) MANDATORY PET QUARANTINE FEES FOR 
HOUSEHOLD PETS.—Section 451(b)(8) of title 
37, United States Code, is amended by adding 
at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘Such 
costs include pet quarantine expenses.’’. 
(c) 
STUDENT
DEPENDENT
TRANSPOR-
TATION.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—Section 452(b) of title 37, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at 
the end the following new paragraphs: 
‘‘(18) Travel by a dependent child to the 
United States to obtain formal secondary, 
undergraduate, graduate, or vocational edu-
cation, if the permanent duty assignment lo-
cation of the member of the uniformed serv-
ices is not in the continental United States, 
Alaska, or Hawaii. 
‘‘(19) Travel by a dependent child within 
the United States to obtain formal sec-
ondary, undergraduate, graduate, or voca-
tional education, if the permanent duty as-
signment location of the member of the uni-
formed services is in Alaska or Hawaii and 
the school is located in a State other than 
the State of the permanent duty assignment 
location.’’. 
(2) DEFINITIONS.—Section 451 of title 37, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(A) in subsection (a)(2)(H), by adding at the 
end the following new clauses: 
‘‘(vii) Transportation of a dependent child 
of a member of the uniformed services to the 
United States to obtain formal secondary, 
undergraduate, graduate, or vocational edu-
cation, if the permanent duty assignment lo-
cation of the member is not in the conti-
nental United States, Alaska, or Hawaii. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00041
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 52-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8584 
November 19, 2021 
‘‘(viii) Transportation of a dependent child 
of a member of the uniformed services with-
in the United States to obtain formal sec-
ondary, undergraduate, graduate, or voca-
tional education, if the permanent duty as-
signment location of the member is in Alas-
ka or Hawaii and the school is located in a 
State other than the State of the permanent 
duty assignment location.’’; and 
(B) in subsection (b), by adding at the end 
the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(10)(A) The term ‘permanent duty assign-
ment location’ means— 
‘‘(i) the official station of a member of the 
uniformed services; or 
‘‘(ii) the residence of a dependent of a 
member of the uniformed services. 
‘‘(B) For purposes of subparagraph (A)(ii), 
the permanent duty assignment location of a 
dependent who is a student not living with 
the member while attending school is the 
residence of the dependent.’’. 
(d) DEPENDENT TRANSPORTATION INCIDENT 
TO
SHIP
CONSTRUCTION, INACTIVATION, AND 
OVERHAULING.— 
(1) IN
GENERAL.—Section 452 of title 37, 
United States Code, as amended by sub-
section (c), is further amended— 
(A) in subsection (b), by adding at the end 
the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(20) Subject to subsection (i), travel by a 
dependent to a location where a member of 
the uniformed services is on permanent duty 
aboard a ship that is overhauling, inac-
tivating, or under construction.’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following new 
subsection: 
‘‘(i) DEPENDENT TRANSPORTATION INCIDENT 
TO
SHIP
CONSTRUCTION, INACTIVATION, AND 
OVERHAULING.—The authority under sub-
section (a) for travel in connection with cir-
cumstances described in subsection (b)(20) 
shall be subject to the following terms and 
conditions: 
‘‘(1) The member of the uniformed services 
is required to be permanently assigned to the 
ship for 31 or more consecutive days to be el-
igible for allowances, and the transportation 
allowances accrue on the 31st day and every 
60 days thereafter. 
‘‘(2) Transportation in kind, reimburse-
ment for personally procured transportation, 
or a monetary allowance for mileage in place 
of the cost of transportation may be pro-
vided, in lieu of the member’s entitlement to 
transportation, for the member’s dependents 
from the location that was the home port of 
the ship before commencement of overhaul, 
inactivation, or construction to the port of 
overhaul, inactivation, or construction. 
‘‘(3) The total reimbursement for transpor-
tation for the member’s dependents may not 
exceed the cost of one Government-procured 
commercial round-trip travel.’’. 
(2) DEFINITIONS.—Section 451(a)(2)(H) of 
title 37, United States Code, as amended by 
subsection (c), is further amended by adding 
at the end the following new clause: 
‘‘(ix) Transportation of a dependent to a lo-
cation where a member of the uniformed 
services is on permanent duty aboard a ship 
that is overhauling, inactivating, or under 
construction.’’. 
SEC. 604. REPEAL OF EXPIRING TRAVEL AND 
TRANSPORTATION AUTHORITIES. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Effective December 31, 
2021, subchapter III of chapter 8 of title 37, 
United States Code, is repealed. 
(b) CLERICAL
AMENDMENT.—The table of 
sections at the beginning of chapter 8 of such 
title is amended by striking the items relat-
ing to subchapter III and sections 471 
through 495. 
SEC. 605. ONE-YEAR EXTENSION OF CERTAIN EX-
PIRING BONUS AND SPECIAL PAY 
AUTHORITIES. 
(a) AUTHORITIES
RELATING
TO
RESERVE 
FORCES.—Section 910(g) of title 37, United 
States Code, relating to income replacement 
payments for reserve component members 
experiencing extended and frequent mobili-
zation for active duty service, is amended by 
striking ‘‘December 31, 2021’’ and inserting 
‘‘December 31, 2022’’. 
(b) TITLE
10 AUTHORITIES
RELATING
TO 
HEALTH CARE PROFESSIONALS.—The following 
sections of title 10, United States Code, are 
amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2021’’ and 
inserting ‘‘December 31, 2022’’: 
(1) Section 2130a(a)(1), relating to nurse of-
ficer candidate accession program. 
(2) Section 16302(d), relating to repayment 
of education loans for certain health profes-
sionals who serve in the Selected Reserve. 
(c) AUTHORITIES RELATING TO NUCLEAR OF-
FICERS.—Section 333(i) of title 37, United 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Decem-
ber 31, 2021’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 
2022’’. 
(d) AUTHORITIES RELATING TO TITLE 37 CON-
SOLIDATED SPECIAL PAY, INCENTIVE PAY, AND 
BONUS AUTHORITIES.—The following sections 
of title 37, United States Code, are amended 
by striking ‘‘December 31, 2021’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘December 31, 2022’’: 
(1) Section 331(h), relating to general bonus 
authority for enlisted members. 
(2) Section 332(g), relating to general bonus 
authority for officers. 
(3) Section 334(i), relating to special avia-
tion incentive pay and bonus authorities for 
officers. 
(4) Section 335(k), relating to special bonus 
and incentive pay authorities for officers in 
health professions. 
(5) Section 336(g), relating to contracting 
bonus for cadets and midshipmen enrolled in 
the Senior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps. 
(6) Section 351(h), relating to hazardous 
duty pay. 
(7) Section 352(g), relating to assignment 
pay or special duty pay. 
(8) Section 353(i), relating to skill incen-
tive pay or proficiency bonus. 
(9) Section 355(h), relating to retention in-
centives for members qualified in critical 
military skills or assigned to high priority 
units. 
(e) AUTHORITY TO PROVIDE TEMPORARY IN-
CREASE IN RATES OF BASIC ALLOWANCE FOR 
HOUSING.—Section 403(b)(7)(E) of title 37, 
United States Code, is amended by striking 
‘‘December 31, 2021’’ and inserting ‘‘Decem-
ber 31, 2022’’. 
SEC. 606. REQUIREMENTS IN CONNECTION WITH 
SUSPENSION OF RETIRED PAY AND 
RETIREMENT ANNUITIES. 
(a) NOTICE
BEFORE
SUSPENSION
OF
PAY-
MENT.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—The Defense Finance and 
Accounting Service may not suspend the 
payment to a military retiree or annuitant 
of retired or retainer pay or an annuity oth-
erwise provided by law until 90 days after the 
date of the delivery of written notice to such 
military retiree or annuitant, as applicable, 
or a designated representative, of the suspen-
sion. 
(2) ELEMENTS.—Each notice of a suspension 
of payment under paragraph (1) shall set 
forth the following: 
(A) The payment proposed to be suspended. 
(B) A full description of the basis for the 
proposed suspension. 
(C) Notice of the right of the military re-
tiree or annuitant concerned, or a designated 
representative, to submit matters in re-
sponse to the proposed suspension. 
(b) SUSPENSION
OF
PAYMENT
FOLLOWING 
LACK OF TIMELY RESPONSE.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—If at the end of the 90-day 
period beginning on the date of the delivery 
of a notice of suspension of payment under 
subsection (a) the military retiree or annu-
itant concerned, or a designated representa-
tive, has not submitted to the Defense Fi-
nance and Accounting Service a response to 
such notice, the Service may suspend pay-
ment as described in such notice. 
(2) CONSTRUCTION OF LACK OF RESPONSE.— 
The lack of response of a military retiree, 
annuitant, or designated representative to a 
notice under subsection (a) within the 90-day 
period described in paragraph (1) shall not 
constitute a waiver of the right to submit a 
response to the suspension of payment pro-
posed in such notice at some date after such 
period. 
(c) DFAS DETERMINATION
ON TIMELY RE-
SPONSE.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—If a military retiree, an-
nuitant, or designated representative re-
sponds to a notice of suspension of payment 
under subsection (a) within the 90-day period 
beginning on the date of delivery of such no-
tice, the Defense Finance and Accounting 
Service shall, not later than 30 days after the 
date of receipt of such response— 
(A) make a final determination of whether 
the suspension of payment remains war-
ranted; and 
(B) submit to the military retiree, annu-
itant, or designated representative a notice 
of such final determination. 
(2) PROHIBITION ON SUSPENSION PENDING AC-
TION.—The Service may not suspend any pay-
ment covered by a response described in 
paragraph (1) while taking action with re-
spect to such response pursuant to that para-
graph. 
(d) RECOVERY OF OVERPAYMENT.—If the De-
fense Finance and Accounting Service deter-
mines in connection with any suspension of 
payment provided for pursuant to subsection 
(b) or (c) that the military retiree or annu-
itant concerned has received any overpay-
ment of any amount to which such suspen-
sion of payment relates, the Secretary of De-
fense may take appropriate action to recover 
such overpayment. 
(e) PRESERVATION OF AUTHORITY FOR IMME-
DIATE SUSPENSION IN CERTAIN CASES.— 
(1) IN
GENERAL.—Nothing in this section 
shall be construed to prohibit the Secretary 
of Defense from immediately suspending 
payment to a military retiree or annuitant 
in a case as follows: 
(A) A case in which the Secretary deter-
mines that the initial claim for payment was 
based upon a fraudulent application. 
(B) A case in which payment is being di-
verted to a person ineligible to receive pay-
ment due to suspected identity theft or simi-
lar criminal act. 
(C) A case involving immediate termi-
nation of retired or retainer pay as a result 
of a conviction of a criminal offense. 
(2) DATE
FOR
COMMENCEMENT
OF
SUSPEN-
SION.—Payment may be suspended under this 
subsection effective upon the date that the 
Secretary refers the report of the suspected 
fraud or similar unauthorized payment in 
question to a law enforcement organization. 
(f) 
ANNUAL
ELIGIBILITY
DETERMINATION 
PROCEDURES.—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the 
Secretary of Defense shall prescribe in regu-
lations a single annual eligibility determina-
tion procedure for determinations of eligi-
bility for military retired or retainer pay 
and survivor annuities in connection with 
military service as a replacement of the cur-
rent procedures in connection with the Cer-
tificate of Eligibility and Report of Exist-
ence for military retirees and annuitants. 
(g) REPORT.—Not later than one year after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the 
Secretary of Defense shall, in consultation 
with the Secretary of Veterans Affairs and 
the Secretary of Homeland Security, submit 
to the appropriate committees of Congress a 
report on a process by which notifications of 
the death of a military retiree or annuitant 
may be shared among such Secretaries for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00042
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 53-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8585 
November 19, 2021 
the purpose of determining the termination 
of eligibility for benefits administered by 
such Secretaries. 
(h) REGULATIONS.—Subsections (a) through 
(e) of this section shall be carried out in ac-
cordance with regulations prescribed by the 
Secretary of Defense for purposes of this sec-
tion. 
(i) DEFINITIONS.—In this section: 
(1) 
APPROPRIATE
COMMITTEES
OF
CON-
GRESS.—The term ‘‘appropriate committees 
of Congress’’ means— 
(A) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, and the 
Committee 
on 
Commerce, 
Science, 
and 
Transportation of the Senate; and 
(B) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, and the 
Committee on Transportation and Infra-
structure of the House of Representatives. 
(2) MILITARY
RETIREE; 
ANNUITANT.—The 
terms ‘‘military retiree’’ and ‘‘annuitant’’ 
shall have the meaning given such terms in 
the regulations prescribed pursuant to sub-
section (h). 
(3) 
DESIGNATED
REPRESENTATIVE.—The 
term ‘‘designated representative’’ shall have 
the meaning given such term in the regula-
tions prescribed pursuant to subsection (h), 
and shall include a guardian and a trustee of 
a qualified special needs trust of an annu-
itant. 
TITLE VII—HEALTH CARE PROVISIONS 
Subtitle A—TRICARE and Other Health Care 
Benefits 
SEC. 701. ADDITION OF PRECONCEPTION AND 
PRENATAL 
CARRIER 
SCREENING 
COVERAGE 
AS 
BENEFITS 
UNDER 
TRICARE PROGRAM. 
Section 1079(a) of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended by adding at the end the 
following new paragraph: 
‘‘(18) Preconception and prenatal carrier 
screening tests shall be provided to eligible 
covered beneficiaries, with a limit per bene-
ficiary of one test per condition per lifetime, 
for the following conditions: 
‘‘(A) Cystic Fibrosis. 
‘‘(B) Spinal Muscular Atrophy. 
‘‘(C) Fragile X Syndrome. 
‘‘(D) Tay-Sachs Disease. 
‘‘(E) Hemoglobinopathies. 
‘‘(F) Conditions linked with Ashkenazi 
Jewish descent.’’. 
SEC. 702. COVERAGE OF OVERSEAS SUBACUTE 
AND HOSPICE CARE FOR ELIGIBLE 
OVERSEAS DEPENDENTS OF MEM-
BERS OF THE UNIFORMED SERV-
ICES. 
(a) SUBACUTE
CARE.—Section 1074j(b) of 
title 10, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by adding at the end 
the following new sentence: ‘‘For eligible 
overseas dependents of members of the uni-
formed services who are on active duty for a 
period of more than 30 days, the Secretary of 
Defense may authorize an overseas provider 
that does not have to be enrolled in the 
Medicare program under section 1866(j) of the 
Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395cc(j)) to 
provide skilled nursing facility care, which 
shall include services and facility charges, 
under the program.’’; 
(2) in paragraph (2)— 
(A) in subparagraph (A)— 
(i) by striking the period at the end and in-
serting ‘‘; and’’; 
(ii) by striking ‘‘ ‘skilled nursing facility’ 
has’’ and inserting ‘‘ ‘skilled nursing facil-
ity’— 
‘‘(i) except as provided in clause (ii), has’’; 
and 
(iii) by adding at the end the following new 
clause: 
‘‘(ii) with respect to facilities overseas, 
means facilities authorized by the Secretary 
of Defense, which do not have to be enrolled 
in the Medicare program under section 
1866(j) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 
1395cc(j)).’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following new 
subparagraph: 
‘‘(C) The term ‘overseas’ means located 
outside of the 50 States, the District of Co-
lumbia, Puerto Rico, the United States Vir-
gin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, and the 
Northern Mariana Islands.’’; and 
(3) in paragraph (3), by adding at the end 
the 
following 
new 
sentence: 
‘‘Notwith-
standing the previous sentence, home health 
care services may be provided to eligible 
overseas dependents of members of the uni-
formed services who are on active duty for a 
period of more than 30 days by home health 
providers authorized by the Secretary of De-
fense regardless of whether such providers 
provide such services in the manner and 
under the conditions described in section 
1861(m) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 
1395x(m)).’’. 
(b) HOSPICE CARE.—Section 1079(a)(15) of 
such title is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘Hospice care’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘(A) Except as provided in subparagraph 
(B), hospice care’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
subparagraph: 
‘‘(B)(i) With respect to dependents who are 
overseas, hospice care may be provided in 
such manner and under such conditions as 
the Secretary of Defense may authorize. 
‘‘(ii) In this subparagraph, the term ‘over-
seas’ means located outside of the 50 States, 
the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, the 
United States Virgin Islands, Guam, Amer-
ican Samoa, and the Northern Mariana Is-
lands.’’. 
SEC. 703. MODIFICATION OF PILOT PROGRAM ON 
RECEIPT 
OF 
NON-GENERIC 
PRE-
SCRIPTION MAINTENANCE MEDICA-
TIONS UNDER TRICARE PHARMACY 
BENEFITS PROGRAM. 
Section 706 of the William M. (Mac) Thorn-
berry National Defense Authorization Act 
for Fiscal Year 2021 (Public Law 116–283) is 
amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(1), by striking ‘‘may 
carry out’’ and inserting ‘‘shall carry out’’; 
(2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘March 1, 
2021’’ and inserting ‘‘March 1, 2022’’; 
(3) by redesignating subsections (e), (f), and 
(g) as subsections (f), (g), and (h), respec-
tively; 
(4) by inserting after subsection (d) the fol-
lowing new subsection (e): 
‘‘(e) REIMBURSEMENT.—If the Secretary 
carries out the pilot program under sub-
section (a)(1), reimbursement of retail phar-
macies for medication under the pilot pro-
gram may not exceed the amount of reim-
bursement paid to the national mail-order 
pharmacy program under section 1074g of 
title 10, United States Code, for the same 
medication, after consideration of all manu-
facturer discounts, refunds, rebates, phar-
macy transaction fees, and other costs.’’; and 
(5) in subsection (f), as redesignated by 
paragraph (3)— 
(A) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting 
the following new paragraph (1): 
‘‘(1) BRIEFING.—Not later than 90 days after 
the date of the enactment of the National 
Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 
2022, the Secretary shall provide to the Com-
mittees on Armed Services of the House of 
Representatives and the Senate a briefing on 
the implementation of the pilot program 
under subsection (a)(1) or on the determina-
tion of the Secretary under subsection (a)(2) 
that the Secretary is not permitted to carry 
out the pilot program.’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (3)(A), by striking ‘‘March 
1, 2024’’ and inserting ‘‘March 1, 2025’’. 
Subtitle B—Health Care Administration 
SEC. 721. REVISIONS TO TRICARE PROVIDER NET-
WORKS. 
(a) TRICARE SELECT.—Section 1075 of title 
10, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsection (h) as sub-
section (i); and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (g) the fol-
lowing new subsection (h): 
‘‘(h) AUTHORITY
FOR MULTIPLE NETWORKS 
IN THE SAME GEOGRAPHIC AREA.—(1) The Sec-
retary may establish a system of multiple 
networks of providers under TRICARE Se-
lect in the same geographic area or areas. 
‘‘(2) Under a system established under 
paragraph (1), the Secretary may— 
‘‘(A) require covered beneficiaries enrolling 
in TRICARE Select to enroll in a specific 
provider network established under such sys-
tem, in which case providers not in that pro-
vider network are deemed to be out-of-net-
work providers under this section (even if 
they are in a different TRICARE Select pro-
vider network) and under any other applica-
ble authorities limiting coverage of health 
care services or certain terms for providing 
services to those provided by network pro-
viders; and 
‘‘(B) include beneficiaries covered by sub-
section (c)(2).’’. 
(b) TRICARE PRIME.—Section 1097a of such 
title is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsection (e) as sub-
section (f); and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (d) the fol-
lowing new subsection (e): 
‘‘(e) AUTHORITY FOR MULTIPLE NETWORKS IN 
THE SAME GEOGRAPHIC AREA.—(1) The Sec-
retary may establish a system of multiple 
networks of providers under TRICARE Prime 
in the same geographic area or areas. 
‘‘(2) Under a system established under 
paragraph (1), the Secretary may require 
covered beneficiaries enrolling in TRICARE 
Prime to enroll in a specific provider net-
work established under such system, in 
which case providers not in that provider 
network are deemed to be out-of-network 
providers (even if they are in a different 
TRICARE Prime provider network) under ap-
plicable authorities limiting coverage of 
health care services or certain terms for pro-
viding services to those provided by network 
providers.’’. 
SEC. 722. IMPLEMENTATION OF AN INTEGRATED 
TRICARE PROGRAM THROUGH EF-
FECTIVE MARKET MANAGEMENT. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than April 1, 
2022, 
the 
Secretary 
of 
Defense, 
acting 
through the Director of the Defense Health 
Agency, shall implement integration of the 
direct care and purchased care components 
of the TRICARE program through effective 
management of geographic markets. 
(b) ELEMENTS OF INTEGRATION.—The inte-
gration actions required by subsection (a) 
shall include the following elements: 
(1) Designation by the Director of the De-
fense Health Agency of a single market man-
ager for each geographic market who shall— 
(A) report to the Director, through the As-
sistant Director for Health Care Administra-
tion; 
(B) be under the authority, direction, and 
control of the Director; and 
(C) be responsible for the development and 
implementation of a market management 
plan for the geographic market. 
(2) Determinations by the Director, with 
the assistance of the market manager for the 
geographic market concerned, that in car-
rying out section 1073d of title 10, United 
States Code, and section 703 of the National 
Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 
2017 (Public Law 114–328; 10 U.S.C. 1073d 
note), the TRICARE preferred provider net-
work in the geographic market has the ca-
pacity and capability to meet the needs of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00043
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 54-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8586 
November 19, 2021 
covered beneficiaries affected by the restruc-
ture or realignment of infrastructure or 
modification of services of the military med-
ical treatment facility involved. 
(3) Expeditious implementation of the re-
quirements under section 725 of the National 
Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 
2017 (Public Law 114–328; 10 U.S.C. 1074 
note)— 
(A) to ensure that health care services pro-
vided through military medical treatment 
facilities maintain the critical wartime med-
ical readiness skills and core competencies 
of health care providers within the Armed 
Forces; 
(B) to meet the health care needs of cov-
ered beneficiaries under the TRICARE pro-
gram, subject to meeting the medical readi-
ness requirements of the Armed Forces; and 
(C) to maintain the level of care required 
by such section in facilities in foreign coun-
tries. 
(4) With respect to TRICARE Prime— 
(A) development of a streamlined and ef-
fective system of patient referrals for cov-
ered beneficiaries enrolled in TRICARE 
Prime, particularly with respect to referrals 
from 
a 
primary 
care 
provider 
in 
the 
TRICARE network to a specialty care pro-
vider at a military medical treatment facil-
ity for specialty care services available at 
the military medical treatment facility; and 
(B) continued operation of enrollment of 
covered beneficiaries in TRICARE Prime in 
geographic areas where the Director deter-
mines that such enrollment is appropriate to 
support the effective operation of one or 
more military medical treatment facilities. 
(c) DEFINITIONS.—In this section: 
(1) COVERED
BENEFICIARY; TRICARE
PRIME; 
TRICARE PROGRAM.—The terms ‘‘covered ben-
eficiary’’, 
‘‘TRICARE 
Prime’’, 
and 
‘‘TRICARE program’’ have the meanings 
given those terms in section 1072 of title 10, 
United States Code. 
(2) GEOGRAPHIC MARKET.—The term ‘‘geo-
graphic 
market’’, 
with 
respect 
to 
the 
TRICARE program, has the meaning given 
that term by the Director of the Defense 
Health Agency and shall include one or more 
inpatient military medical treatment facili-
ties. 
SEC. 723. ESTABLISHMENT OF CENTERS OF EX-
CELLENCE FOR ENHANCED TREAT-
MENT OF OCULAR INJURIES. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than October 1, 
2022, 
the 
Secretary 
of 
Defense, 
acting 
through the Director of the Defense Health 
Agency, shall establish within the Defense 
Health Agency not fewer than four regional 
centers of excellence for the enhanced treat-
ment of— 
(1) ocular wounds or injuries; and 
(2) vision dysfunction related to traumatic 
brain injury. 
(b) LOCATION OF CENTERS.—Each center of 
excellence established under subsection (a) 
shall be located at a military medical center 
that provides graduate medical education in 
ophthalmology and its related subspecialties 
and shall be the primary center for providing 
specialized medical services for vision for 
members of the Armed Forces in the region 
in which the center of excellence is located. 
(c) POLICIES
FOR
REFERRAL
OF
BENE-
FICIARIES.—Not later than October 1, 2022, 
the Director of the Defense Health Agency 
shall publish on a publicly available internet 
website of the Department of Defense poli-
cies for the referral of eligible beneficiaries 
of the Department to centers of excellence 
established under subsection (a) for evalua-
tion and treatment. 
(d) IDENTIFICATION OF MEDICAL PERSONNEL 
BILLETS
AND
STAFFING.—The Secretary of 
each military department, in conjunction 
with the Joint Staff Surgeon and the Direc-
tor of the Defense Health Agency, shall iden-
tify specific medical personnel billets essen-
tial for the evaluation and treatment of ocu-
lar sensory injuries and ensure that centers 
of excellence established under subsection 
(a) are staffed with such personnel at the 
level required for the enduring medical sup-
port of each such center. 
(e) REPORT.—Not later than December 31, 
2022, the Secretary of Defense shall submit 
to the Committees on Armed Services of the 
Senate and the House of Representatives a 
report that— 
(1) describes the establishment of each cen-
ter of excellence established under sub-
section (a), to include the location, capa-
bility, and capacity of each center; 
(2) describes the referral policy published 
by the Defense Health Agency under sub-
section (c); 
(3) identifies the medical personnel billets 
identified under subsection (d); and 
(4) Provides a plan for staffing of personnel 
at such centers to ensure the enduring med-
ical support of each such center. 
(f) MILITARY MEDICAL CENTER DEFINED.—In 
this section, the term ‘‘military medical cen-
ter’’ means a medical center described in 
section 1073d(b) of title 10, United States 
Code. 
SEC. 724. MANDATORY TRAINING ON HEALTH EF-
FECTS OF BURN PITS. 
The Secretary of Defense shall provide to 
each medical provider of the Department of 
Defense mandatory training with respect to 
the potential health effects of burn pits. 
SEC. 725. REMOVAL OF REQUIREMENT FOR ONE 
YEAR OF PARTICIPATION IN CER-
TAIN MEDICAL AND LIFESTYLE IN-
CENTIVE PROGRAMS OF THE DE-
PARTMENT OF DEFENSE TO RE-
CEIVE BENEFITS UNDER SUCH PRO-
GRAMS. 
Section 729 of the National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public 
Law 114–328; 10 U.S.C. 1073 note) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(1), by striking, ‘‘in the 
previous year’’; 
(2) in subsection (b), by striking, ‘‘in the 
previous year’’; and 
(3) in subsection (c), by striking, ‘‘in the 
previous year’’. 
SEC. 726. AUTHORITY OF SECRETARY OF DE-
FENSE AND SECRETARY OF VET-
ERANS AFFAIRS TO ENTER INTO 
AGREEMENTS FOR PLANNING, DE-
SIGN, AND CONSTRUCTION OF FA-
CILITIES 
TO 
BE 
OPERATED 
AS 
SHARED MEDICAL FACILITIES. 
(a) 
AUTHORITY
OF
SECRETARY
OF
DE-
FENSE.— 
(1) IN
GENERAL.—Chapter 55 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by inserting 
after section 1104 the following new section: 
‘‘§ 1104a. Shared medical facilities with De-
partment of Veterans Affairs 
‘‘(a) AGREEMENTS.—Secretary of Defense 
may enter into agreements with the Sec-
retary of Veterans Affairs for the planning, 
design, and construction of facilities to be 
operated as shared medical facilities. 
‘‘(b) TRANSFER OF FUNDS BY SECRETARY OF 
DEFENSE.—(1) The Secretary of Defense may 
transfer to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs 
amounts as follows: 
‘‘(A) For the construction of a shared med-
ical facility, amounts not in excess of the 
amount authorized under subsection (a)(2) of 
section 2805 of this title, if— 
‘‘(i) the amount of the share of the Depart-
ment of Defense for the estimated cost of the 
project does not exceed the amount author-
ized under such subsection; and 
‘‘(ii) the other requirements of such sec-
tion have been met with respect to funds 
identified for transfer. 
‘‘(B) For the planning, design, and con-
struction of space for a shared medical facil-
ity, amounts appropriated for the Defense 
Health Program. 
‘‘(2) The authority to transfer funds under 
this section is in addition to any other au-
thority to transfer funds available to the 
Secretary of Defense. 
‘‘(3) Section 2215 of this title does not 
apply to a transfer of funds under this sub-
section. 
‘‘(c) TRANSFER OF FUNDS TO SECRETARY OF 
DEFENSE.—(1) Any amount transferred to the 
Secretary of Defense by the Secretary of 
Veterans Affairs for necessary expenses for 
the planning, design, and construction of a 
shared medical facility, if the amount of the 
share of the Department of Defense for the 
cost of such project does not exceed the 
amount specified in section 2805(a)(2) of this 
title, may be credited to accounts of the De-
partment of Defense available for the con-
struction of a shared medical facility. 
‘‘(2) Any amount transferred to the Sec-
retary of Defense by the Secretary of Vet-
erans Affairs for the purpose of the planning 
and design of space for a shared medical fa-
cility may be credited to accounts of the De-
partment of Defense available for such pur-
poses, and may be used for such purposes. 
‘‘(3) Using accounts credited with transfers 
from the Secretary of Veterans Affairs under 
paragraph (1), the Secretary of Defense may 
carry out unspecified minor military con-
struction projects, if the share of the Depart-
ment of Defense for the cost of such project 
does not exceed the amount specified in sec-
tion 2805(a)(2) of this title. 
‘‘(d) MERGER OF AMOUNTS TRANSFERRED.— 
Any amount transferred to the Secretary of 
Veterans Affairs under subsection (b) and 
any amount transferred to the Secretary of 
Defense under subsection (c) shall be merged 
with and available for the same purposes and 
the same period as the appropriation or fund 
to which transferred. 
‘‘(e) APPROPRIATION IN ADVANCE.—Amounts 
may be transferred pursuant to the author-
ity under this section only to the extent and 
in the amounts provided in advance in appro-
priations Acts. 
‘‘(f) SHARED MEDICAL FACILITY DEFINED.— 
In this section, the term ‘shared medical fa-
cility’— 
‘‘(1) means a building or buildings, or a 
campus, intended to be used by both the De-
partment of Veterans Affairs and the Depart-
ment of Defense for the provision of health 
care services, whether under the jurisdiction 
of the Secretary of Veterans Affairs or the 
Secretary of Defense, and whether or not lo-
cated on a military installation or on real 
property under the jurisdiction of the Sec-
retary of Veterans Affairs; and 
‘‘(2) includes any necessary building and 
auxiliary structure, garage, parking facility, 
mechanical equipment, abutting and covered 
sidewalks, and accommodations for attend-
ing personnel.’’. 
(2) CLERICAL
AMENDMENT.—The table of 
sections at the beginning of chapter 55 of 
such title is amended by inserting after the 
item relating to section 1104 the following 
new item: 
‘‘1104a. Shared medical facilities with De-
partment of Veterans Affairs.’’. 
(b) AUTHORITY OF SECRETARY OF VETERANS 
AFFAIRS.— 
(1) IN
GENERAL.—Chapter 81 of title 38, 
United States Code, is amended by inserting 
after section 8111A the following new sec-
tion: 
‘‘§ 8111B. Shared medical facilities with De-
partment of Defense 
‘‘(a) AGREEMENTS.—The Secretary of Vet-
erans Affairs may enter into agreements 
with the Secretary of Defense for the plan-
ning, design, and construction of facilities to 
be operated as shared medical facilities. 
‘‘(b) TRANSFER OF FUNDS BY SECRETARY OF 
VETERANS
AFFAIRS.—(1) The Secretary of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00044
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 55-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8587 
November 19, 2021 
Veterans Affairs may transfer to the Depart-
ment of Defense amounts appropriated to the 
Department of Veterans Affairs for ‘Con-
struction, minor projects’ for use for the 
planning, design, or construction of a shared 
medical facility if the estimated share of the 
project costs of the Department of Veterans 
Affairs does not exceed the amount specified 
in section 8104(a)(3)(A) of this title. 
‘‘(2) The Secretary of Veterans Affairs may 
transfer to the Department of Defense 
amounts appropriated to the Department of 
Veterans Affairs for ‘Construction, major 
projects’ for use for the planning, design, or 
construction of a shared medical facility if— 
‘‘(A) the estimated share of the project 
costs of the Department of Veterans Affairs 
exceeds the amount specified in section 
8104(a)(3)(A) of this title; and 
‘‘(B) the other requirements of section 8104 
of this title have been met with respect to 
amounts identified for transfer. 
‘‘(c) TRANSFER OF FUNDS TO SECRETARY OF 
VETERANS AFFAIRS.—(1) Any amount trans-
ferred to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs 
by the Secretary of Defense for necessary ex-
penses for the planning, design, or construc-
tion of a shared medical facility, if the esti-
mated share of the project costs of the De-
partment of Veterans Affairs does not exceed 
the amount specified in section 8104(a)(3)(A) 
of this title, may be credited to the ‘Con-
struction, minor projects’ account of the De-
partment of Veterans Affairs and used for 
the necessary expenses of constructing such 
shared medical facility. 
‘‘(2) Any amount transferred to the Sec-
retary of Veterans Affairs by the Secretary 
of Defense for necessary expenses for the 
planning, design, or construction of a shared 
medical facility, if the estimated share of 
the project costs of the Department of Vet-
erans Affairs exceeds the amount specified in 
section 8104(a)(3)(A) of this title, may be 
credited 
to 
the 
‘Construction, 
major 
projects’ account of the Department of Vet-
erans Affairs and used for the necessary ex-
penses of constructing such shared medical 
facility if the other requirements of section 
8104 of this title have been met with respect 
to amounts identified for transfer. 
‘‘(d) MERGER OF AMOUNTS TRANSFERRED.— 
Any amount transferred to the Secretary of 
Defense under subsection (b) and any amount 
transferred to the Secretary of Veterans Af-
fairs under subsection (c) shall be merged 
with and available for the same purposes and 
the same period as the appropriation or fund 
to which transferred. 
‘‘(e) APPROPRIATION IN ADVANCE.—Amounts 
may be transferred pursuant to the author-
ity under this section only to the extent and 
in the amounts provided in advance in appro-
priations Acts. 
‘‘(f) SHARED MEDICAL FACILITY DEFINED.— 
In this section, the term ‘shared medical fa-
cility’— 
‘‘(1) means a building or buildings, or a 
campus, intended to be used by both the De-
partment of Veterans Affairs and the Depart-
ment of Defense for the provision of health 
care services, whether under the jurisdiction 
of the Secretary of Veterans Affairs or the 
Secretary of Defense, and whether or not lo-
cated on a military installation or on real 
property under the jurisdiction of the Sec-
retary of Veterans Affairs; and 
‘‘(2) includes any necessary building and 
auxiliary structure, garage, parking facility, 
mechanical equipment, abutting and covered 
sidewalks, and accommodations for attend-
ing personnel.’’. 
(2) CLERICAL
AMENDMENT.—The table of 
sections at the beginning of subchapter I of 
chapter 81 of such title is amended by insert-
ing after the item relating to section 8111A 
the following new item: 
‘‘8111B. Shared medical facilities with De-
partment of Defense.’’. 
SEC. 727. CONSISTENCY IN ACCOUNTING FOR 
MEDICAL 
REIMBURSEMENTS 
RE-
CEIVED 
BY 
MILITARY 
MEDICAL 
TREATMENT 
FACILITIES 
FROM 
OTHER FEDERAL AGENCIES. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Section 1085 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘re-
imbursement’’ and inserting ‘‘charges for 
care’’; 
(2) by striking ‘‘If a member’’ and inserting 
‘‘(a) COLLECTION OF FEES.—(1) If a member’’; 
(3) in subsection (a), as designated by para-
graph (2)— 
(A) by striking ‘‘inpatient medical or den-
tal care in a facility’’ and inserting ‘‘inpa-
tient or outpatient medical or dental care at 
or through a facility’’; 
(B) by striking ‘‘the appropriation for’’ and 
inserting ‘‘the executive department’’; 
(C) by striking ‘‘shall be reimbursed’’ and 
inserting ‘‘shall charge and collect fees’’; and 
(D) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(2) Amounts collected by an executive de-
partment under paragraph (1) shall be cred-
ited to the appropriation account currently 
available for obligation that is used to sup-
port the maintenance and operation of facili-
ties at or through which the executive de-
partment provided the medical or dental 
care described in such paragraph.’’; and 
(4) by adding at the end the following new 
subsections: 
‘‘(b) ESTABLISHMENT
OF RATES.—(1) If an 
executive department incurs expenses in pro-
viding medical or dental care described in 
paragraph (2) or (3), the executive depart-
ment may charge and collect fees at rates es-
tablished by the Secretary of such depart-
ment to reflect the cost of providing or mak-
ing available the care, as determined by such 
Secretary. 
‘‘(2) The care described in this paragraph is 
inpatient or outpatient medical or dental 
care provided at or through a facility under 
the jurisdiction of the Secretary of Defense 
to a person who is entitled to receive med-
ical or dental care at a facility under the ju-
risdiction of another Federal agency. 
‘‘(3) The care described in this paragraph is 
inpatient or outpatient medical or dental 
care provided at or through a facility under 
the jurisdiction of a Federal agency that is 
not the Department of Defense to a person 
who— 
‘‘(A) is entitled to receive medical or den-
tal care at a facility under the jurisdiction of 
the Secretary of Defense under section 1074 
of this title; or 
‘‘(B) is a covered beneficiary, as that term 
is defined in section 1072 of this title. 
‘‘(c) RELATIONSHIP
TO
OTHER
AUTHORI-
TIES.—Authority provided by subsections 
(a)(1) and (b) may be exercised— 
‘‘(1) in conjunction with authority for 
healthcare resource sharing provided to the 
Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of 
Veterans Affairs for the mutually beneficial 
coordination, use, or exchange of use of 
health care resources under section 1104 of 
this title and section 8111 of title 38; and 
‘‘(2) in lieu of and notwithstanding section 
717(c)(2) of the National Defense Authoriza-
tion Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 
114–328; 10 U.S.C. 1071 note).’’. 
(b) CLERICAL
AMENDMENT.—The table of 
sections at the beginning of chapter 55 of 
title 10, United States Code, is amended by 
striking the item relating to section 1085 and 
inserting the following new item: 
‘‘1085. Medical and dental care from another 
executive department: charges 
for care.’’. 
Subtitle C—Reports and Other Matters 
SEC. 741. ACCESS BY UNITED STATES GOVERN-
MENT EMPLOYEES AND THEIR FAM-
ILY MEMBERS TO CERTAIN FACILI-
TIES OF DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE 
FOR ASSESSMENT AND TREATMENT 
OF 
ANOMALOUS 
HEALTH 
CONDI-
TIONS. 
(a) ASSESSMENT.—The Secretary of Defense 
shall provide to employees of the United 
States Government and their family mem-
bers who the Secretary determines are expe-
riencing symptoms of certain anomalous 
health conditions, as defined by the Sec-
retary for purposes of this section, timely 
access for medical assessment, subject to 
space availability, to the National Intrepid 
Center of Excellence, an Intrepid Spirit Cen-
ter, or an appropriate military medical 
treatment facility, as determined by the 
Secretary. 
(b) TREATMENT.—With respect to an indi-
vidual described in subsection (a) diagnosed 
with an anomalous health condition or a re-
lated affliction, whether diagnosed under an 
assessment under subsection (a) or other-
wise, the Secretary of Defense shall furnish 
to the individual treatment for the condition 
or affliction, subject to space availability, at 
the National Intrepid Center of Excellence, 
an Intrepid Spirit Center, or an appropriate 
military medical treatment facility, as de-
termined by the Secretary. 
(c) DEVELOPMENT
OF PROCESS.—The Sec-
retary of Defense, in consultation with the 
heads of such Federal agencies as the Sec-
retary considers appropriate, shall develop a 
process to ensure that employees from those 
agencies and their family members are af-
forded timely access to the National Intrepid 
Center of Excellence, an Intrepid Spirit Cen-
ter, or an appropriate military medical 
treatment facility pursuant to subsection (a) 
by not later than 60 days after the date of 
the enactment of this Act. 
(d) MODIFICATION
OF DEPARTMENT
OF DE-
FENSE TRAUMA REGISTRY.—The Secretary of 
Defense shall modify the Trauma Registry of 
the Department of Defense to include data 
on the demographics, condition-producing 
event, diagnosis and treatment, and out-
comes of anomalous health conditions expe-
rienced by employees of the United States 
Government and their family members as-
sessed or treated under this section, subject 
to an agreement by the employing agency 
and the consent of the employee. 
SEC. 742. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR JOINT 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE-DEPART-
MENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS MED-
ICAL 
FACILITY 
DEMONSTRATION 
FUND. 
Section 1704(e) of the National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public 
Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 2567), as most recently 
amended by section 732 of the National De-
fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2020 
(Public Law 116–92; 133 Stat. 1460)), is amend-
ed by striking ‘‘September 30, 2021’’ and in-
serting ‘‘September 30, 2023’’. 
SEC. 743. COMPTROLLER GENERAL STUDY ON IM-
PLEMENTATION 
BY 
DEPARTMENT 
OF DEFENSE OF RECENT STATU-
TORY REQUIREMENTS TO REFORM 
THE MILITARY HEALTH SYSTEM. 
(a) STUDY.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—The Comptroller General 
of the United States shall conduct a study on 
the implementation by the Department of 
Defense of statutory requirements to reform 
the military health system contained in a 
covered Act. 
(2) ELEMENTS.—The study required by para-
graph (1) shall include the following ele-
ments: 
(A) A compilation of a list of, and citation 
for, each statutory requirement on reform of 
the military health system contained in a 
covered Act. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00045
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 56-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8588 
November 19, 2021 
(B) An assessment of the extent to which 
such requirement was implemented, or is 
currently being implemented. 
(C) An evaluation of the actions taken by 
the Department of Defense to assess and de-
termine the effectiveness of actions taken 
pursuant to such requirement. 
(D) Such other matters in connection with 
the implementation of such requirement as 
the Comptroller General considers appro-
priate. 
(b) BRIEFING AND REPORT.— 
(1) BRIEFING.—Not later than May 1, 2022, 
the Comptroller General shall brief the Com-
mittees on Armed Services of the Senate and 
the House of Representatives on the status 
of the study conducted under subsection (a). 
(2) REPORT.—Not later than May 1, 2023, 
the Comptroller General shall submit to the 
Committees on Armed Services of the Senate 
and the House of Representatives a report on 
the study conducted under subsection (a) 
that includes the elements specified in para-
graph (2) of such subsection. 
(c) COVERED ACT DEFINED.—In this section, 
the term ‘‘covered Act’’ means any of the 
following: 
(1) The William M. (Mac) Thornberry Na-
tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal 
Year 2021 (Public Law 116–283). 
(2) The National Defense Authorization 
Act for Fiscal Year 2020 (Public Law 116–92). 
(3) The John S. McCain National Defense 
Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019 (Pub-
lic Law 115–232). 
(4) The National Defense Authorization 
Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91). 
(5) The National Defense Authorization 
Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328). 
(6) The National Defense Authorization 
Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92). 
(7) The Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ 
McKeon National Defense Authorization Act 
for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291). 
(8) The National Defense Authorization 
Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66). 
(9) The National Defense Authorization 
Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239). 
(10) The National Defense Authorization 
Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81). 
TITLE VIII—ACQUISITION POLICY, ACQUI-
SITION MANAGEMENT, AND RELATED 
MATTERS 
Subtitle A—Acquisition Policy and 
Management 
SEC. 801. REPEAL OF PREFERENCE FOR FIXED- 
PRICE CONTRACTS. 
Section 829 of the National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public 
Law 114–328; 10 U.S.C. 2306 note) is hereby re-
pealed. 
SEC. 802. IMPROVING THE USE OF AVAILABLE 
DATA TO MANAGE AND FORECAST 
SERVICE 
CONTRACT 
REQUIRE-
MENTS. 
(a) IMPLEMENTATION REQUIRED.—Not later 
than 180 days after the date of the enactment 
of this Act, the Secretary of the Air Force 
and the Secretary of the Navy shall, except 
as provided under subsection (b), commence 
implementation of priority recommendation 
number 1 and priority recommendation num-
ber 2, respectively, in the Government Ac-
countability Office report entitled, ‘‘DOD 
Service Acquisition: Improved Use of Avail-
able Data Needed to Better Manage and 
Forecast Service Contract Requirements’’ 
(GAO–16–119). 
(b) EXCEPTIONS.— 
(1) DELAYED
IMPLEMENTATION.—The Sec-
retary of the Air Force or the Secretary of 
the Navy, as appropriate, may commence im-
plementation of an open recommendation de-
scribed in subsection (a) later than the date 
required under such subsection if, not later 
than 180 days after the date of the enactment 
of this Act, the Secretary concerned provides 
the Committees on Armed Services of the 
Senate and the House of Representatives 
with justification for the delay in implemen-
tation of such recommendation. 
(2) NONIMPLEMENTATION.—The Secretary of 
the Air Force or the Secretary of the Navy, 
as appropriate, may opt not to implement an 
open recommendation described in sub-
section (a) if, not later than 180 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the 
Secretary concerned provides the Commit-
tees on Armed Services of the Senate and the 
House of Representatives— 
(A) the reasons for the decision not to im-
plement the recommendation; and 
(B) a summary of the alternate actions the 
Secretary plans to address the purposes un-
derlying the recommendation. 
(c) IMPLEMENTATION PLANS.—As to a rec-
ommendation described in subsection (a) 
that the Secretary of the Air Force or the 
Secretary of the Navy, as appropriate, is im-
plementing or plans to implement, the Sec-
retary concerned shall, not later than 180 
days after the date of the enactment of this 
Act, submit to the Committees on Armed 
Services of the Senate and the House of Rep-
resentatives— 
(1) a summary of actions that have been 
taken to implement the recommendation; 
and 
(2) a schedule, with specific milestones, for 
completing 
implementation 
of 
the 
rec-
ommendation. 
(d) ACTION
BY SECRETARY
OF DEFENSE.— 
The Secretary of Defense shall establish a 
mechanism to ensure that the integration of 
services into the programming process and 
the development of forecasts on service con-
tract spending provide Department leaders 
with consistent data. 
(e) AMENDMENTS.—Section 2329 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)(5) by striking ‘‘be in-
cluded in the future-years defense program 
submitted to Congress under section 221 of 
this title’’ and inserting ‘‘include the fiscal 
year and the period covered by the future- 
years defense program submitted to Congress 
under section 221 of this title for that fiscal 
year’’; 
(2) in subsection (c)(3)(C) by striking ‘‘after 
the date of the enactment of this sub-
section’’ and inserting ‘‘after December 12, 
2017’’; 
(3) in subsection (d)— 
(A) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ before ‘‘Each Serv-
ices Requirements Review Board’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(2) The Secretary of Defense shall develop 
and disseminate standard guidelines within 
the Department of Defense for the evalua-
tion of requirements for services contracts.’’; 
and 
(4) in subsection (g)(3) by striking ‘‘dated 
January 5, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘dated Janu-
ary 10, 2020’’. 
(f) REPEAL OF OBSOLETE REQUIREMENT.— 
(1) IN
GENERAL.—Section 235 of title 10, 
United States Code, is repealed. 
(2) CONFORMING AMENDMENT.—The table of 
sections at the beginning of chapter 9 of title 
10, United States Code, is amended by strik-
ing the item relating to section 235. 
SEC. 803. ASSESSMENT OF IMPEDIMENTS AND IN-
CENTIVES TO IMPROVING THE AC-
QUISITION OF COMMERCIAL TECH-
NOLOGY, PRODUCTS, AND SERVICES. 
(a) 
ASSESSMENT
REQUIRED.—The 
Under 
Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and 
Sustainment and the Chairman of the Joint 
Requirements 
Oversight 
Council 
(JROC) 
shall jointly assess impediments and incen-
tives to fulfilling the goals of sections 1906, 
1907, and 3307 of title 41, United States Code, 
and sections 2375, 2376, and 2377 of title 10, 
United States Code, regarding preferences 
for commercial products and services. 
(b) ASSESSMENT OBJECTIVE.—The objective 
of the assessment is to enhance the innova-
tion strategy of the Department of Defense 
to compete effectively against peer adver-
saries by rapidly adopting commercial ad-
vances in technology. 
(c) ELEMENTS OF ASSESSMENT.—The assess-
ment shall include a review of— 
(1) policies, regulations, and oversight 
processes; 
(2) acquisition workforce training and edu-
cation; 
(3) the role of requirements in determining 
acquisitions pathways, including the ability 
to 
accommodate 
evolving 
commercial 
functionality, new opportunities identified 
during market research, and how phasing 
and uncertainty in requirements are treated; 
(4) the role of competitive procedures and 
source selection procedures, including the 
ability to structure acquisitions to accom-
modate multiple or unequal solutions; 
(5) the role of planning, programming, and 
budgeting structures and processes, includ-
ing appropriations categories; 
(6) systemic biases in favor of custom solu-
tions; 
(7) risk to contracting officers and acquir-
ing officials of pursuing commercial prod-
ucts and services, and incentives and dis-
incentives for acquisition organizations; and 
(8) potential reforms that do not impose 
additional burdensome and time-consuming 
constraints on the acquisition process. 
(d) BRIEFING.—Not later than 120 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the 
Under Secretary and the Chairman of JROC 
shall brief the congressional defense commit-
tees on the results of the required assess-
ment and actions undertaken to improve 
compliance with the statutory preference for 
commercial products and services, including 
any recommendations to Congress for legis-
lative action. 
SEC. 804. PILOT PROGRAM ON ACQUISITION 
PRACTICES FOR EMERGING TECH-
NOLOGIES. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
the Secretary of Defense, acting through the 
Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition 
and Sustainment or the Under Secretary’s 
designee, shall establish a pilot program to 
develop and implement unique acquisition 
mechanisms for emerging technologies in 
order to increase the speed of transition of 
emerging technologies into acquisition pro-
grams or into operational use. 
(b) ELEMENTS.—The pilot program shall in-
clude activities to— 
(1) identify and award not less than four 
agreements for new projects to support high- 
priority defense modernization activities, 
consistent with the National Defense Strat-
egy, with consideration given to— 
(A) offensive missile capabilities; 
(B) space-based assets; 
(C) personnel and quality of life improve-
ment; and 
(D) energy generation and storage; 
(2) develop a unique acquisition plan for 
each new project identified pursuant to para-
graph (1) that is significantly novel from 
standard Department of Defense acquisition 
practices, including the use of— 
(A) alternative price evaluation models; 
(B) 
alternative 
independent 
cost 
esti-
mation methodologies; 
(C) alternative market research methods; 
(D) continuous assessment of performance 
metrics to measure project value for use in 
program management and oversight; 
(E) alternative intellectual property strat-
egies, including activities to support mod-
ular open systems architectures and reduc-
ing life cycle and sustainment costs; and 
(F) other alternative practices as identi-
fied by the Secretary; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00046
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 57-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8589 
November 19, 2021 
(3) execute the acquisition plans outlined 
in paragraph (2) and award agreements in an 
expedited manner; and 
(4) establish mechanisms for projects under 
the pilot program to request permission to 
waive 
appropriate 
Department, 
military 
service, or defense agency regulations, direc-
tives, or policies not required by law, to sup-
port the goals of the pilot program, includ-
ing waivers of acquisition, personnel, and 
technology transfer policies and practices. 
(c) PROJECT CANCELLATION.—The Secretary 
of Defense may establish procedures to ter-
minate agreements awarded under the pilot 
program, including processes to notify the 
congressional defense committees 30 days 
prior to a termination. 
(d) PILOT PROGRAM ADVISORY GROUP.—The 
Under Secretary shall establish a pilot pro-
gram advisory group to advise the Under 
Secretary on the selection, management, 
elements, data collection, and termination 
of projects, to include at least— 
(1) one member from each military depart-
ment, appointed by the Secretary of the 
military department concerned; 
(2) one member appointed by the Under 
Secretary of Defense for Research and Engi-
neering; 
(3) one member appointed by the Under 
Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and 
Sustainment; 
(4) one member appointed by the Director 
of the Strategic Capabilities Office of the De-
partment of Defense; 
(5) one member appointed by the Director 
of the Defense Advanced Research Projects 
Agency; and 
(6) one member appointed by the Director 
of Operational Test and Evaluation. 
(e) DEADLINE FOR APPOINTMENT.—Members 
of the advisory group shall be appointed not 
later than 30 days after the date of the estab-
lishment of the pilot program under sub-
section (a). 
(f) INFORMATION TO CONGRESS.— 
(1) BRIEFING REQUIREMENT.—Not later than 
180 days after the date of the enactment of 
this Act, and not less than annually there-
after, the Secretary shall provide to the con-
gressional defense committees a briefing on 
activities under this section. 
(2) BUDGET JUSTIFICATION MATERIALS.—The 
Secretary 
shall 
establish 
procedures 
to 
clearly identify all projects under the pilot 
program in budget justification materials 
submitted to the congressional defense com-
mittees. 
(g) DATA REQUIREMENTS.— 
(1) COLLECTION
AND
ANALYSIS
OF
DATA.— 
The Secretary shall establish mechanisms to 
collect and analyze data on the execution of 
the pilot program for the purpose of— 
(A) developing and sharing best practices 
for achieving goals established for the pilot 
program; 
(B) providing information to the Secretary 
and the congressional defense committees on 
the execution of the pilot; and 
(C) providing information to the Secretary 
and the congressional defense committees on 
related policy issues. 
(2) DATA
STRATEGY
REQUIRED.—The Sec-
retary may not execute the pilot program 
prior to completion of a data strategy and 
plan to meet the requirements of this sub-
section. 
(h) TERMINATION.—The pilot program es-
tablished under this subsection shall termi-
nate after all the projects identified under 
subsection (b)(1) have been completed or can-
celled by the Department of Defense. 
SEC. 805. ANNUAL REPORT ON HIGHEST AND 
LOWEST PERFORMING ACQUISITION 
PROGRAMS OF THE DEPARTMENT 
OF DEFENSE. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than January 
31, 2023, and annually thereafter, the Sec-
retary of Defense shall submit to the con-
gressional defense committees a report that 
contains a ranking of the five highest per-
forming and five lowest performing covered 
acquisition programs of the Department of 
Defense. 
(b) RANKING CRITERIA.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of Defense, 
in consultation with the Under Secretary of 
Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment, 
the Service Acquisition Executives, and 
other appropriate officials, shall determine 
the criteria to be used for purposes of the 
rankings. 
(2) INCLUSION IN REPORT.—The Secretary of 
Defense shall include in the report submitted 
under subsection (a) a discussion of the spe-
cific ranking criteria determined under para-
graph (2), including a description of how 
those criteria are consistent with best acqui-
sition practices. 
(c) LOWEST PERFORMING ACQUISITION PRO-
GRAMS.—Not later than April 1, 2023, and an-
nually thereafter, the decision authority for 
each of the five acquisition programs ranked 
as the lowest performing in the report sub-
mitted under subsection (a) for that year 
shall submit to the congressional defense 
committees a report that includes the fol-
lowing information for that acquisition pro-
gram: 
(1) A description of the factors that con-
tributed to the program’s ranking as low 
performing. 
(2) An assessment of the underlying causes 
of the program’s poor performance. 
(3) A plan for addressing the program’s 
challenges and improving performance, in-
cluding specific actions that will be taken 
and proposed timelines for completing such 
actions. 
(d) DEFINITIONS.—In this section: 
(1) The term ‘‘covered acquisition pro-
gram’’ means— 
(A) a major defense acquisition program as 
defined in section 2430 of title 10, United 
States Code; or 
(B) an acquisition program, subprogram, or 
project that is estimated by the Secretary of 
Defense to require an eventual total expendi-
ture described in section 2430(a)(1)(B) of title 
10, United States Code. 
(2) The term ‘‘decision authority’’ means 
the official within the Department of De-
fense designated with the overall responsi-
bility and authority for acquisition decisions 
for the program, subprogram, or project, in-
cluding authority to approve entry of the 
program, subprogram, or project into the 
next phase of the acquisition process. 
SEC. 806. SYSTEMS ENGINEERING DETERMINA-
TIONS. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Chapter 139 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at 
the end the following new section: 
‘‘§ 2374b. Systems Engineering Determina-
tions 
‘‘(a) REQUIREMENT.—The Secretary of De-
fense shall ensure that any Department of 
Defense transaction entered into under an 
authority described in subsection (b) in-
cludes System Engineering Determinations 
as provided under subsection (c). 
‘‘(b) COVERED AUTHORITIES.—The authori-
ties described under this subsection are as 
follows: 
‘‘(1) Section 2371 of this title for applied 
and advanced research project transactions 
relating to weapons systems. 
‘‘(2) Section 2371b of this title for trans-
actions relating to weapons systems. 
‘‘(3) Section 2373 of this title. 
‘‘(4) Section 2358 of this title for trans-
actions relating to weapons systems. 
‘‘(c) SYSTEMS
ENGINEERING
DETERMINA-
TIONS.— 
‘‘(1) SYSTEMS ENGINEERING DETERMINATION 
‘A’.—(A) The head of the Department of De-
fense activity that has technical oversight 
over a transaction covered under this section 
shall identify, in writing, not later than 30 
days after such transaction is entered into, 
measurable success criteria related to poten-
tial 
military 
applications 
to 
be 
dem-
onstrated not later than the final day of the 
transaction’s period of performance. 
‘‘(B) Not later than 30 days after the end of 
the period of performance referred to in sub-
paragraph (A), the head of activity shall 
make one of the following determinations 
and document such action in writing with 
notice provided to the performer: 
‘‘(i) ‘Discontinue’: Discontinue support, 
with rationale noted. 
‘‘(ii) ‘Retain and extend’: Retain within the 
activity and extend the period of perform-
ance for a specified period of time in order to 
achieve the stated success criteria. 
‘‘(iii) ‘Endorse and refer’: Endorse the 
project and refer it to the most appropriate 
Systems Engineering Command, based on 
the technical attributes of the project and 
the associated potential military applica-
tions, based on meeting or exceeding the suc-
cess criteria. 
‘‘(C) If the head of activity retained the 
project pursuant to subparagraph (B)(ii), the 
head of activity shall, at the end of the ex-
tension period— 
‘‘(i) take the action prescribed in subpara-
graph (B)(iii) if the success criteria are met; 
or 
‘‘(ii) take the action prescribed in subpara-
graph (B)(i) if the success criteria are not 
met. 
‘‘(2) SYSTEMS ENGINEERING DETERMINATION 
‘B’.—(A) Not later than 30 days after receipt 
of a referral under paragraph (1)(B)(iii), the 
head of the Systems Engineering Command 
shall formulate a systems engineering plan 
with the performer, the Department’s tech-
nical experts, and prospective Program Exec-
utive Officers. 
‘‘(B) The systems engineering plan re-
quired under subsection (A) shall include the 
following: 
‘‘(i) Measurable baseline technical capa-
bility, based on the success criteria met pur-
suant to paragraph (1)(B)(iii). 
‘‘(ii) Measurable transition technical capa-
bility, based on the technical needs of the 
prospective Program Executive Officers to 
support a current or future program of 
record. 
‘‘(iii) Discrete technical development ac-
tivities necessary to progress from the base-
line capability to the transition capability, 
including an approximate cost and schedule. 
Such activities shall include a resolution 
of— 
‘‘(I) interfaces; 
‘‘(II) data rights; 
‘‘(III) government technical requirements; 
‘‘(IV) specific platform technical integra-
tion; 
‘‘(V) software development; 
‘‘(VI) component, subsystem, or system 
prototyping; 
‘‘(VII) scale models; 
‘‘(VIII) technical manuals; 
‘‘(IX) lifecycle sustainment needs; and 
‘‘(X) other needs identified by the Program 
Executive Officers. 
‘‘(iv) Identification and commitment of 
funding sources to complete the activities 
under clause (iii). 
‘‘(C) Not later than 30 days after the end of 
the schedule identified in subparagraph (B), 
the head of the Systems Engineering Com-
mand shall make one of the following deter-
minations and document such action in writ-
ing with notice provided to the performer 
and prospective Program Executive Officers: 
‘‘(i) 
‘Discontinue’: 
Discontinue 
support 
with rationale noted. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00047
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 58-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8590 
November 19, 2021 
‘‘(ii) ‘Retain and extend’: Retain within the 
Command and extend the schedule for a spec-
ified period of time in order to achieve stat-
ed transition criteria with specific remedial 
or additional activities noted. 
‘‘(iii) ‘Endorse and refer’:Endorse the item 
and refer to a Program Executive Officer, 
based on meeting or exceeding the transition 
criteria. 
‘‘(D) If the head of the Systems Engineer-
ing Command retained the project pursuant 
to subparagraph (C)(ii), the head of the Sys-
tems Engineering Command shall, at the end 
of the extension period— 
‘‘(i) take the action prescribed in subpara-
graph (C)(iii) if the transition criteria are 
met after such extension; or 
‘‘(ii) take the action prescribed in subpara-
graph (C)(i) if the transition criteria are not 
met after such extension. 
‘‘(d) SYSTEMS ENGINEERING COMMAND DE-
FINED.—In this section, the term ‘Systems 
Engineering Command’ means the specific 
Department of Defense activity that special-
izes in the systems engineering of a system, 
subsystem, component, or capability area, 
including— 
‘‘(1) the Naval Warfare Centers; 
‘‘(2) the Army Combat Capabilities Devel-
opment Command Centers; and 
‘‘(3) the Air Force Research Laboratory.’’. 
(b) CLERICAL
AMENDMENT.—The table of 
sections at the beginning of chapter 139 of 
such title is amended by adding after the 
item relating to section 2374a the following 
new item: 
‘‘2374b. 
Systems 
Engineering 
Determina-
tions’’. 
(c) FUTURE TRANSFER.— 
(1) TRANSFER AND REDESIGNATION.—Section 
2374b of title 10, United States Code, as added 
by subsection (a), is transferred to chapter 
301 of such title, added after section 4004, as 
transferred and redesignated by section 
1841(a) of the William M. (Mac) Thornberry 
National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-
cal Year 2021 (Public Law 116–283), and redes-
ignated as section 4005. 
(2) CLERICAL AMENDMENTS.— 
(A) TARGET CHAPTER TABLE OF SECTIONS.— 
The table of sections at the beginning of 
chapter 301 of title 10, United States Code, as 
added by section 1841(a) of the William M. 
(Mac) Thornberry National Defense Author-
ization Act for Fiscal Year 2021 (Public Law 
116–283), is amended by inserting after the 
item related to section 4004 the following 
new item: 
‘‘4005. 
Systems 
Engineering 
Determina-
tions’’. 
(B) ORIGIN CHAPTER TABLE OF SECTIONS.— 
The table of sections at the beginning of 
chapter 139 of title 10, United States Code, as 
amended by subsection (a), is further amend-
ed by striking the item relating to section 
2374b. 
(3) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS TO INTERNAL 
CROSS-REFERENCES.—Section 2374b(b) of title 
10, United States Code, as added by sub-
section (a), is amended— 
(A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘section 
2371’’ and inserting ‘‘section 4002’’; 
(B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘section 
2371b’’ and inserting ‘‘section 4003’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘section 
2373’’ and inserting ‘‘section 4004’’. 
(4) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The transfer, redesig-
nation, and amendments made by this sub-
section shall take effect on January 1, 2022. 
(5) REFERENCES; SAVINGS
PROVISION; RULE 
OF CONSTRUCTION.—Sections 1883 through 1885 
of the William M. (Mac) Thornberry National 
Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 
2021 (Public Law 116–283) shall apply with re-
spect to the transfers, redesignations, and 
amendments made under this subsection as 
if such transfers, redesignations, and amend-
ments were made under title XVIII of such 
Act. 
(d) REGULATIONS.—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
the Secretary of Defense shall prescribe reg-
ulations to carry out section 4005 of title 10, 
United States Code, as added by subsection 
(a) and transferred and redesignated by sub-
section (c). 
(e) BRIEFING REQUIRED.—Not later than 60 
days after the date of enactment of this Act, 
the Secretary of Defense shall provide a 
briefing to the Committees on Armed Serv-
ices of the Senate and the House of Rep-
resentatives with a detailed plan to imple-
ment this section. 
Subtitle B—Amendments to General Con-
tracting Authorities, Procedures, and Limi-
tations 
SEC. 811. RECOMMENDATIONS ON THE USE OF 
OTHER TRANSACTION AUTHORITY. 
(a) REVIEW
AND
RECOMMENDATIONS
RE-
QUIRED.—The Secretary of Defense shall re-
view the current use, authorities, regula-
tions, and policies relative to the use of 
other transaction authority under sections 
2371 and 2371b of title 10, United States Code, 
and assess the merits of modifying or ex-
panding such authorities with respect to— 
(1) the inclusion in such transactions for 
the government and contractors to include 
force majeure provisions to deal with unfore-
seen circumstances in execution of the trans-
action; 
(2) the determination of an entity’s tradi-
tional or nontraditional status based on the 
entity’s parent company or that of its major-
ity owner; 
(3) the determination of an entity’s tradi-
tional or nontraditional status based on the 
entity’s status as a 100-percent employee 
stock ownership plan; 
(4) the ability of the Department of De-
fense to award agreements for prototypes 
with all of the costs of the prototype pro-
vided by the private sectors partners, to 
allow for expedited transition into follow-on 
production agreements for appropriate tech-
nologies; 
(5) the ability of the Department of De-
fense to award agreements for procurement, 
including without the need for prototyping; 
(6) the ability of the Department of De-
fense to award agreements for sustainment 
of capabilities, including without the need 
for prototyping; 
(7) the ability of the Department of De-
fense to award agreements to support the or-
ganic industrial base; 
(8) the ability of the Department of De-
fense to award agreements for prototyping of 
services or acquisition of services; 
(9) the need for alternative authorities or 
policies to more effectively and efficiently 
execute agreements with private sector con-
sortia; 
(10) the ability of the Department of De-
fense monitor and report on individual 
awards made under consortium-based other 
transactions; and 
(11) other issues as identified by the Sec-
retary. 
(b) ISSUES IDENTIFIED
AND RECOMMENDA-
TIONS FOR CHANGES TO POLICIES OR AUTHORI-
TIES.—For each of the areas under subsection 
(a), the Secretary shall— 
(1) identify relevant issues and challenges 
under current other transaction authority; 
(2) discuss the advantages and disadvan-
tages of modifying or expanding other trans-
action authority to address issues identified 
by the review; 
(3) identify policy changes that will be 
made to address issues identified by the re-
view; 
(4) make recommendations to the congres-
sional defense committees for new or modi-
fied statutory authorities to address issues 
identified by the review; and 
(5) provide such other information as de-
termined appropriate. 
(c) REPORT.— Not later than December 31, 
2022, the Secretary of Defense shall submit 
to the congressional defense committees a 
report describing activities undertaken pur-
suant to this section, as well as issues identi-
fied, policy changes proposed, justification 
for any proposed changes, and recommenda-
tions for legislative changes. 
SEC. 812. MODIFIED CONDITION FOR PROMPT 
CONTRACT PAYMENT ELIGIBILITY. 
Section 2307(a)(2)(B) of title 10, United 
States Code, as amended by the William M. 
(Mac) Thornberry National Defense Author-
ization Act for Fiscal Year 2021 (Public Law 
116–283), is further amended by striking ‘‘if 
the prime contractor agrees or proposes to 
make payments to the subcontractor’’ and 
inserting ‘‘if the prime contractor agrees to 
make payments to the subcontractor’’. 
SEC. 813. EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN SERVICES 
FROM INTERGOVERNMENTAL SUP-
PORT AGREEMENTS FOR INSTALLA-
TION-SUPPORT SERVICES. 
Section 2679(a)(3) of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘used when the Secretary 
concerned’’ and inserting ‘‘used when— 
‘‘(A) the Secretary concerned’’; 
(2) in subparagraph (A), as designated by 
paragraph (1), by striking the period at the 
end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
subparagraph: 
‘‘(B) the installation-support services are 
not included on the procurement list estab-
lished pursuant to section 8503 of title 41.’’. 
SEC. 814. MODIFICATION OF PRIZE AUTHORITY 
FOR 
ADVANCED 
TECHNOLOGY 
ACHIEVEMENTS. 
Section 2374a of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by inserting ‘‘, includ-
ing procurement agreements,’’ after ‘‘other 
types of prizes’’; 
(2) in subsection (b), in the first sentence, 
by inserting ‘‘and for the selection of recipi-
ents of procurement agreements’’ after ‘‘cash 
prizes’’; and 
(3) in subsection (c)(1), by inserting ‘‘with-
out the approval of the Under Secretary of 
Defense for Research and Engineering’’ be-
fore the period at the end. 
SEC. 815. COST OR PRICING DATA REPORTING IN 
DEPARTMENT 
OF 
DEFENSE 
CON-
TRACTS. 
Section 2306a(a)(6) of title 10, United States 
Code, as amended by the William M. (Mac) 
Thornberry National Defense Authorization 
Act for Fiscal Year 2021 (Public Law 116–283), 
is further amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘Upon the request of a con-
tractor that was required to submit cost or 
pricing data under paragraph (1)’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘Under paragraph (1),’’; and 
(2) by striking ‘‘modify the contract to re-
flect subparagraphs (B)(ii) and (C)(ii) of para-
graph (1). All such modifications shall be 
made without requiring consideration’’ and 
inserting ‘‘modify the contract as soon as 
practicable to reflect subparagraphs (B) and 
(C) of paragraph (1), without requiring con-
sideration’’. 
SEC. 816. AUTHORITY TO ACQUIRE INNOVATIVE 
COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS AND SERV-
ICES USING GENERAL SOLICITATION 
COMPETITIVE PROCEDURES. 
(a) AUTHORITY.— 
(1) IN
GENERAL.—Chapter 140 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at 
the end the following new section: 
‘‘§ 2380c. Authority to acquire innovative 
commercial products and services using 
general solicitation competitive procedures 
‘‘(a) AUTHORITY.—The Secretary of Defense 
may acquire innovative commercial products 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00048
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 59-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8591 
November 19, 2021 
and services through a competitive selection 
of proposals resulting from a general solici-
tation and the peer review of such proposals. 
‘‘(b) TREATMENT
AS
COMPETITIVE
PROCE-
DURES.—Use of general solicitation competi-
tive procedures under subsection (a) shall be 
considered to be use of competitive proce-
dures for purposes of chapter 137 of this title. 
‘‘(c) LIMITATIONS.—(1) The Secretary may 
not enter into a contract or agreement in ex-
cess of $100,000,000 using the authority under 
subsection (a) without a written determina-
tion from the Under Secretary of Defense for 
Acquisition and Sustainment or the relevant 
service acquisition executive of the efficacy 
of the effort to meet mission needs of the De-
partment of Defense or the relevant military 
department. 
‘‘(2) Contracts or agreements entered into 
using the authority under subsection (a) 
shall be fixed-price, including fixed-price in-
centive fee contracts. 
‘‘(3) Notwithstanding section 2376(1) of this 
title, products and services acquired using 
the authority under subsection (a) shall be 
treated as commercial products and services. 
‘‘(d) 
CONGRESSIONAL
NOTIFICATION
RE-
QUIRED.—(1) Not later than 45 days after the 
award of a contract for an amount exceeding 
$100,000,000 using the authority in subsection 
(a), the Secretary of Defense shall notify the 
congressional defense committees of such 
award. 
‘‘(2) Notice of an award under paragraph (1) 
shall include the following: 
‘‘(A) Description of the innovative com-
mercial product or service acquired. 
‘‘(B) Description of the requirement, capa-
bility gap, or potential technological ad-
vancement with respect to which the innova-
tive commercial product or service acquired 
provides a solution or a potential new capa-
bility. 
‘‘(C) Amount of the contract awarded. 
‘‘(D) Identification of contractor awarded 
the contract. 
‘‘(e) INNOVATIVE DEFINED.—In this section, 
the term ‘innovative’ means— 
‘‘(1) any technology, process, or method, 
including research and development, that is 
new as of the date of submission of a pro-
posal; or 
‘‘(2) any application that is new as of the 
date of submission of a proposal of a tech-
nology, process, or method existing as of 
such date.’’. 
(2) CLERICAL
AMENDMENT.—The table of 
sections at the beginning of chapter 140 of 
title 10, United States Code, is amended by 
inserting after the item relating to section 
2380b the following new item: 
‘‘2380c. Authority to acquire innovative com-
mercial products and services 
using general solicitation com-
petitive procedures.’’. 
(b) FUTURE TRANSFER.— 
(1) TRANSFER AND REDESIGNATION.—Section 
2380c of title 10, United States Code, as added 
by subsection (a), is transferred to chapter 
247 of such title, added after section 3457, as 
transferred and redesignated by section 
1841(a) of the William M. (Mac) Thornberry 
National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-
cal Year 2021 (Public Law 116–283), and redes-
ignated as section 3458. 
(2) CLERICAL AMENDMENTS.— 
(A) TARGET CHAPTER TABLE OF SECTIONS.— 
The table of sections at the beginning of 
chapter 247 of title 10, United States Code, as 
added by section 1821(a) of the William M. 
(Mac) Thornberry National Defense Author-
ization Act for Fiscal Year 2021 (Public Law 
116–283), is amended by inserting after the 
item related to section 3457 the following 
new item: 
‘‘3458. Authority to acquire innovative com-
mercial products and services 
using general solicitation com-
petitive procedures.’’. 
(B) ORIGIN CHAPTER TABLE OF SECTIONS.— 
The table of sections at the beginning of 
chapter 140 of title 10, United States Code, as 
amended by subsection (a), is further amend-
ed by striking the item relating to section 
2380c. 
(3) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS TO INTERNAL 
CROSS-REFERENCES.—Section 2380c of title 10, 
United States Code, as added by subsection 
(a), is amended— 
(A) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘chapter 
137’’ and inserting ‘‘chapter 221’’; and 
(B) in subsection (c)(3), by striking ‘‘sec-
tion 2376(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 3451(1)’’. 
(4) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The transfer, redesig-
nation, and amendments made by this sub-
section shall take effect on January 1, 2022. 
(5) REFERENCES; SAVINGS
PROVISION; RULE 
OF CONSTRUCTION.—Sections 1883 through 1885 
of the William M. (Mac) Thornberry National 
Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 
2021 (Public Law 116–283) shall apply with re-
spect to the transfers, redesignations, and 
amendments made under this subsection as 
if such transfers, redesignations, and amend-
ments were made under title XVIII of such 
Act. 
(c) REPEAL OF OBSOLETE AUTHORITY.—Sec-
tion 879 of the National Defense Authoriza-
tion Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 
114–328; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note) is hereby re-
pealed. 
SEC. 817. REPORTING REQUIREMENT FOR DE-
FENSE ACQUISITION ACTIVITIES. 
(a) PROCEDURES FOR IDENTIFYING CERTAIN 
ACQUISITION AGREEMENTS
AND ACTIVITIES.— 
The Secretary of Defense shall establish pro-
cedures to identify all agreements awarded 
to entities through the use of a consortia (in-
cluding agreements pursuant to the authori-
ties under section 2371 and 2371b of title 10, 
United States Code), individual task orders 
awarded under a task order contract (as de-
fined in section 2304d of title 10, United 
States Code), and individual task orders 
issued to a federally funded research and de-
velopment center. 
(b) REPORTING.—Not later than one year 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
and not less than annually thereafter, the 
Secretary of Defense shall submit to the con-
gressional defense committees a report on 
the use of agreements and activities de-
scribed in subsection (a) and associated fund-
ing. 
(c) 
PUBLICATION
OF
INFORMATION.—Not 
later than one year after the date of enact-
ment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense 
shall establish procedures to publically re-
lease information on individual agreements 
and activities described in subsection (a) and 
associated funding, unless such disclosure is 
deemed inappropriate for individual agree-
ments based on national security concerns. 
SEC. 
818. 
DEPARTMENT 
OF 
DEFENSE 
CON-
TRACTOR PROFESSIONAL TRAINING 
MATERIAL DISCLOSURE REQUIRE-
MENTS. 
(a) PROHIBITION.—Effective immediately, 
each contractor who enters or has entered 
into a contract with the Department of De-
fense to provide goods or services shall make 
publicly available online at its website all 
diversity, equal opportunity, equity, inclu-
sion, or tolerance training materials or in-
ternal policies, including syllabi, online 
sources, suggested reading lists, guest speak-
ers and lecturers, instructor lists, internal 
policy memos, workshop descriptions, out-
side organizational funding, or other edu-
cational or professional materials for review 
and identification of Critical Race Theory or 
similar theoretical instruction in a timely 
manner. Should the contractor have no on-
line presence, the contractor shall provide 
the materials in hard copy format to the Of-
fice of the Under Secretary of Defense for 
Acquisition and Sustainment in a timely 
manner. 
(b) COVERED THEORIES.—The theories asso-
ciated with Critical Race Theory and similar 
theories referred to in subsection (a) are the 
following theories: 
(1) Any race is inherently superior or infe-
rior to any other race. 
(2) The United States of America is a fun-
damentally racist country. 
(3) The Declaration of Independence or the 
United States Constitution are fundamen-
tally racist documents. 
(4) An individual’s moral character or 
worth is determined by his or her race. 
(5) An individual, by virtue of his or her 
race, is inherently racist or oppressive, 
whether consciously or unconsciously. 
(6) An individual, because of his or her 
race, bears responsibility for the actions 
committed by other members of his or her 
race. 
SEC. 819. REPORT ON PLACE OF PERFORMANCE 
REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) GUIDANCE
AND
TRAINING.—Not later 
than July 1, 2022, the Secretary of Defense 
shall implement guidance and necessary 
training to improve data reporting on con-
tract place of performance. 
(b) REPORT.— 
(1) IN
GENERAL.—Not later than July 1, 
2022, the Secretary of Defense shall submit 
to the congressional defense committees a 
report regarding place of performance re-
quirements in Department of Defense con-
tracts. 
(2) ELEMENTS.—The report required under 
subsection (a) shall include the following ele-
ments: 
(A) A description of the criteria that is 
considered when place of performance lan-
guage is included in a contract. 
(B) The percentage of contracts awarded on 
a yearly basis from fiscal year 2016 to fiscal 
year 2020 that included place of performance 
clauses. 
(C) An assessment of the extent to which 
revisions to guidance or regulations related 
to the use of place of performance clauses 
could improve the Department of Defense’s 
effectiveness and efficiency, including a de-
scription of such revisions. 
SEC. 820. MULTIYEAR CONTRACT AUTHORITY 
FOR DEFENSE ACQUISITIONS SPE-
CIFICALLY AUTHORIZED BY LAW. 
Section 2306b(i)(3) of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended by adding at the end the 
following new subparagraph: 
‘‘(H) The quantity of end items that would 
be procured with such contract in each fiscal 
year of the future years defense program at 
the time of contract award will not decrease 
during the contract period of performance 
without prior approval from the congres-
sional defense committees.’’. 
Subtitle C—Industrial Base Matters 
SEC. 831. ADDITION OF CERTAIN ITEMS TO LIST 
OF 
HIGH 
PRIORITY 
GOODS 
AND 
SERVICES 
FOR 
ANALYSES, 
REC-
OMMENDATIONS, AND ACTIONS RE-
LATED TO SOURCING AND INDUS-
TRIAL CAPACITY. 
Section 849 of the William M. (Mac) Thorn-
berry National Defense Authorization Act 
for Fiscal Year 2021 (Public Law 116–283) is 
amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(1)(A)— 
(A) by redesignating clauses (ii), (iii), and 
(iv) as clauses (iii), (iv), and (v), respectively; 
and 
(B) by inserting after clause (i) the fol-
lowing new clause: 
‘‘(ii) producers in the United States;’’; and 
(2) in subsection (c), by adding at the end 
the following new paragraphs: 
‘‘(14) Beef products born, raised, and 
slaughtered in the United States. 
‘‘(15) Molybdenum and molybdenum alloys. 
‘‘(16) Optical transmission equipment, in-
cluding optical fiber and cable equipment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00049
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 60-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8592 
November 19, 2021 
‘‘(17) Armor on tactical ground vehicles. 
‘‘(18) Graphite processing.’’. 
SEC. 832. PROHIBITION ON ACQUISITION OF PER-
SONAL 
PROTECTIVE 
EQUIPMENT 
FROM 
NON-ALLIED 
FOREIGN 
NA-
TIONS. 
(a) PROHIBITION.— 
(1) IN
GENERAL.—Chapter 137 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at 
the end the following new section: 
‘‘§ 2339d. Prohibition on acquisition of per-
sonal protective equipment and certain 
other items from non-allied foreign nations 
‘‘(a) IN GENERAL.—Except as provided in 
subsection (c), the Secretary of Defense may 
not procure any covered item in any covered 
nation. 
‘‘(b) APPLICABILITY.—Subsection (a) shall 
apply to prime contracts and subcontracts at 
any tier. 
‘‘(c) EXCEPTIONS.—Subsection (a) does not 
apply under the following circumstances: 
‘‘(1) If the Secretary of Defense determines 
that covered materials of satisfactory qual-
ity and quantity, in the required form, can-
not be procured as and when needed from na-
tions other than covered nations to meet re-
quirements at a reasonable price. 
‘‘(2) The procurement of a covered item for 
use outside of the United States. 
‘‘(3) Purchases for amounts not greater 
than $150,000. A proposed purchase or con-
tract for an amount greater than $150,000 
may not be divided into several purchases or 
contracts for lesser amounts in order to 
qualify for this exception. 
‘‘(d) DEFINITIONS.—In this section: 
‘‘(1) COVERED
ITEM.—The term ‘covered 
item’ means an article or item of— 
‘‘(A) personal protective equipment for use 
in preventing spread of disease, such as by 
exposure to infected individuals or contami-
nation or infection by infectious material 
(including surgical masks, respirator masks 
and powered air purifying respirators and re-
quired filters, face shields and protective 
eyewear, surgical and isolation gowns, and 
head and foot coverings) or clothing, and the 
materials and components thereof, other 
than sensors, electronics, or other items 
added to and not normally associated with 
such personal protective equipment or cloth-
ing; or 
‘‘(B) sanitizing and disinfecting wipes, test-
ing swabs, gauze, and bandages. 
‘‘(2) COVERED NATION.—The term ‘covered 
nation’ means— 
‘‘(A) the Democratic People’s Republic of 
North Korea; 
‘‘(B) the People’s Republic of China; 
‘‘(C) the Russian Federation; and 
‘‘(D) the Islamic Republic of Iran.’’. 
(2) CLERICAL
AMENDMENT.—The table of 
sections at the beginning of such chapter is 
amended by inserting after the item relating 
to section 2339c the following: 
‘‘2339d. Prohibition on acquisition of per-
sonal protective equipment and 
certain other items from non- 
allied foreign nations.’’. 
(b) FUTURE TRANSFER.— 
(1) TRANSFER AND REDESIGNATION.—Section 
2339d of title 10, United States Code, as added 
by subsection (a), is transferred to sub-
chapter I of chapter 283 of such title, added 
after section 3881, as transferred and redesig-
nated by section 1837(b) of the William M. 
(Mac) Thornberry National Defense Author-
ization Act for Fiscal Year 2021 (Public Law 
116–283), and redesignated as section 3882. 
(2) CLERICAL AMENDMENTS.— 
(A) TARGET CHAPTER TABLE OF SECTIONS.— 
The table of sections at the beginning of 
chapter 283 of title 10, United States Code, as 
added by section 1837(a) of the William M. 
(Mac) Thornberry National Defense Author-
ization Act for Fiscal Year 2021 (Public Law 
116–283), is amended by inserting after the 
item related to section 3881 the following 
new item: 
‘‘3882. Prohibition on acquisition of personal 
protective equipment and cer-
tain other items from non-al-
lied foreign nations.’’. 
(B) ORIGIN CHAPTER TABLE OF SECTIONS.— 
The table of sections at the beginning of 
chapter 137 of title 10, United States Code, as 
amended by subsection (a), is further amend-
ed by striking the item relating to section 
2339d. 
(3) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The transfer, redesig-
nation, and amendments made by this sub-
section shall take effect on January 1, 2022. 
(4) REFERENCES; SAVINGS
PROVISION; RULE 
OF CONSTRUCTION.—Sections 1883 through 1885 
of the William M. (Mac) Thornberry National 
Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 
2021 (Public Law 116–283) shall apply with re-
spect to the transfers, redesignations, and 
amendments made under this subsection as 
if such transfers, redesignations, and amend-
ments were made under title XVIII of such 
Act. 
SEC. 833. FURTHER PROHIBITION ON ACQUISI-
TION OF SENSITIVE MATERIALS. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Section 2533c of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(1), by inserting ‘‘or by 
any covered company’’ after ‘‘covered na-
tion’’; and 
(2) in subsection (d)— 
(A) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) 
as paragraphs (2) and (3), respectively; and 
(B) by inserting before paragraph (2), as so 
redesignated, the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(1) COVERED COMPANY.—The term ‘covered 
company’ means— 
‘‘(A) any company or joint venture reg-
istered outside of the United States that— 
‘‘(i) is partially or fully owned by any 
state-owned entity from a covered nation; or 
‘‘(ii) is 5 percent or more owned by private 
investors from any covered nation; 
‘‘(B) any company or joint venture reg-
istered inside the United States that— 
‘‘(i) is partially or fully owned by a state- 
owned entity from a covered nation; or 
‘‘(ii) has entered, after the date of enact-
ment of this paragraph, into an agreement or 
condition with the Committee on Foreign In-
vestment in the United States under para-
graph (l)(3)(A) of section 4565 of title 50, 
United States Code, that does not specifi-
cally refer to this section and provide that 
the company shall be eligible to supply cov-
ered products under this section; or 
‘‘(C) any other company that the President 
determines to be a threat to the security of 
supply of any covered material.’’. 
(b) REGULATIONS.—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
the Secretary of Defense shall prescribe such 
regulations as are necessary to carry out 
section 2533c of title 10, United States Code, 
as amended by this section. 
SEC. 834. REQUIREMENT FOR INDUSTRY DAYS 
AND REQUESTS FOR INFORMATION 
TO BE OPEN TO ALLIED DEFENSE 
CONTRACTORS. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
each service acquisition executive shall pub-
lish a default requirement that industry 
days and requests for information for acqui-
sition programs and research and develop-
ment efforts shall to the maximum extent 
practicable be open to defense contractors 
from the national technology and industrial 
base (NTIB), including when such contrac-
tors are acting as subcontractors in partner-
ship with a United States contractor, pro-
vided such access is granted only if the Sec-
retary determines that there is reciprocal 
access for United States companies to equiv-
alent information related to contracting op-
portunities in the associated NTIB country. 
(b) NATIONAL TECHNOLOGY AND INDUSTRIAL 
BASE.—In this section, the term ‘‘national 
technology and industrial base’’ has the 
meaning given the term in section 2500 of 
title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 835. ASSESSMENT OF REQUIREMENTS FOR 
CERTAIN ITEMS TO ADDRESS SUP-
PLY CHAIN VULNERABILITIES. 
(a) DEFINITIONS.—In this section, the term 
‘‘dual use’’ has the meaning given in section 
2500 of title 10, United States Code. 
(b) ASSESSMENT.—The Secretary of Defense 
shall assess the Department of Defense’s re-
quirements for dual-use items covered by 
section 2533a of title 10, United States Code. 
(c) REPORT.—Not later than October 1, 2022, 
the Secretary of Defense shall submit a re-
port to the congressional defense commit-
tees with the Department’s findings, in pub-
licly releasable and controlled formats as 
necessary. 
(d) POLICIES.—The Secretary of Defense 
shall, to the extent practicable, develop or 
revise relevant policies to reduce fluctua-
tions in the Department’s annual procure-
ments of dual-use items. 
SEC. 836. REQUIREMENT THAT CERTAIN PRO-
VIDERS OF SYSTEMS TO DEPART-
MENT OF DEFENSE DISCLOSE THE 
SOURCE 
OF 
PRINTED 
CIRCUIT 
BOARDS WHEN SOURCED FROM CER-
TAIN COUNTRIES. 
(a) DEFINITIONS.—In this section: 
(1) The term ‘‘covered nation’’ includes the 
following: 
(A) The People’s Republic of China. 
(B) The Russian Federation. 
(C) The Democratic People’s Republic of 
North Korea. 
(D) The Islamic Republic of Iran. 
(2) The term ‘‘covered system’’ means any 
item, including commercial items and com-
mercially available off-the-shelf items, not-
withstanding section 2375 of title 10, United 
States Code, that is— 
(A) a national security system, as defined 
in section 3552 of title 44, United States 
Code; or 
(B) a system other than a national security 
system that transmits or stores classified in-
formation, including— 
(i) data communications and storage, in-
cluding servers, switches, and networking 
systems, but excluding personal data storage 
devices, personal computers, desktop com-
puters, and tablets; and 
(ii) any other systems that the Secretary 
determines should be covered. 
(3) The term ‘‘manufactured and assem-
bled’’, with respect to a printed circuit 
board, includes all actions from the fabrica-
tion of the printed circuit board from raw 
materials to the integration of the com-
pleted printed circuit board in an end item 
or component of an end item. 
(b) DISCLOSURE.—The Secretary of Defense 
shall require any provider of a covered sys-
tem to provide to the Department of De-
fense, along with delivery of the covered sys-
tem, a list of the printed circuit boards in 
the covered system that includes, for each 
printed circuit board, an attestation of 
whether— 
(1) the printed circuit board was partially 
or fully manufactured and assembled in a 
covered nation; 
(2) the printed circuit board was fully man-
ufactured and assembled outside of a covered 
nation; or 
(3) the provider cannot determine where 
the printed circuit board was manufactured 
and assembled. 
(c) REGULATIONS.—Not later than October 
1, 2022, the Secretary of Defense shall pro-
mulgate such regulations as are necessary to 
carry out this section, including a process to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00050
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 61-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8593 
November 19, 2021 
ensure that proprietary information is ap-
propriately protected by the Department of 
Defense. 
(d) PLAN REQUIRED.—Not later than Octo-
ber 1, 2022, the Secretary of Defense shall 
submit a plan for the implementation of this 
provision to the congressional defense com-
mittees. 
SEC. 837. EMPLOYMENT TRANSPARENCY RE-
GARDING INDIVIDUALS WHO PER-
FORM WORK IN THE PEOPLE’S RE-
PUBLIC OF CHINA. 
(a) DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS.— 
(1) INITIAL DISCLOSURE.— 
(A) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of Defense 
shall require any covered entity to disclose if 
the entity employs one or more individuals 
who will perform work in the People’s Re-
public of China on a covered contract when 
it submits a bid or proposal for a covered 
contract. 
(B) MATTERS TO BE INCLUDED.—Each disclo-
sure under subparagraph (A) shall include— 
(i) the total number of employees who will 
perform work in the People’s Republic of 
China funded by the Department of Defense; 
and 
(ii) a description of the physical presence 
in the People’s Republic of China that meets 
the definition of a covered entity under sub-
section (d)(2). 
(2) RECURRING DISCLOSURES.— 
(A) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of Defense 
shall require any covered entity that is 
party to one or more covered contracts to 
disclose for fiscal year 2023 and 2024 if the en-
tity employs one or more individuals who 
perform work in the People’s Republic of 
China on such contracts. 
(B) MATTERS TO BE INCLUDED.—Each disclo-
sure under subparagraph (A) shall include— 
(i) the total number of employees who will 
perform work in the People’s Republic of 
China funded by the Department of Defense; 
and 
(ii) a description of the physical presence 
in the People’s Republic of China that meets 
the definition of a covered entity under sub-
section (d)(2). 
(3) AVAILABILITY
TO
PUBLIC.—All disclo-
sures filed under paragraphs (1) and (2) shall 
be available to the public through an inter-
net website of the Department of Defense 
that is accessible to the public. 
(b) FUNDING
FOR COVERED ENTITIES.—The 
Secretary of Defense shall not award or 
renew a covered contract with a covered en-
tity unless the disclosures required under 
subsection (a) are submitted. 
(c) QUARTERLY BRIEFING.—Beginning on or 
around January 1, 2023, the Secretary of De-
fense shall provide quarterly briefings to the 
congressional defense committees on activi-
ties under this section, including a descrip-
tion of the amount, length, source, recipient, 
and intended purpose of covered contracts 
awarded to covered entities that employ one 
or more individuals who will perform work 
in the People’s Republic of China funded by 
the Department of Defense. 
(d) DEFINITIONS.—In this section: 
(1) COVERED CONTRACT.—The term ‘‘covered 
contract’’ means any Department of Defense 
contract or subcontract with a value in ex-
cess of $5,000,000, excluding contracts for 
commercial products or services. 
(2) COVERED
ENTITY.—The term ‘‘covered 
entity’’ means any corporation, company, 
limited liability company, limited partner-
ship, business trust, business association, or 
other similar entity, including any sub-
sidiary or affiliate thereof, participating in 
the performance of work under a covered 
contract in the People’s Republic of China, 
including by— 
(A) employing one or more individuals per-
forming work under the contract, including 
as employees, independent contractors, or 
through similar arrangements, who phys-
ically work in and reside in the People’s Re-
public of China; or 
(B) leasing or owning real property used in 
the performance of the contract in the Peo-
ple’s Republic of China. 
Subtitle D—Small Business Matters 
SEC. 841. CLARIFICATION OF DUTIES OF DIREC-
TOR 
OF 
SMALL 
BUSINESS 
PRO-
GRAMS. 
Section 144(c)(1) of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘to strengthen 
small businesses in the national technology 
and industrial base’’ after ‘‘exercise such 
powers regarding these programs’’. 
SEC. 842. DATA ON PHASE III SMALL BUSINESS 
INNOVATION RESEARCH AND SMALL 
BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER 
PROGRAM AWARDS. 
(a) DEFINITIONS.—In this section, the terms 
‘‘Phase I’’, ‘‘Phase II’’, ‘‘Phase III’’, ‘‘SBIR’’, 
and ‘‘STTR’’ have the meanings given those 
terms in section 9(e) of the Small Business 
Act (15 U.S.C. 638(e)). 
(b) DATA ON PHASE III AWARDS.—For each 
fiscal year, the Secretary of each military 
department shall collect and submit to the 
President for inclusion in the budget sub-
mitted to Congress under section 1105 of title 
31, United States Code, for the fiscal year 
data on the Phase III awards under the SBIR 
and STTR programs of the military depart-
ment, which shall include— 
(1) the cumulative funding amount for 
Phase III awards; 
(2) the number of Phase III award topics; 
(3) the total funding obligated for Phase III 
awards by State; 
(4) the original Phase I or II award topics 
and the associated Phase III contracts 
awarded; and 
(5) where possible, an identification of the 
specific program executive office involved in 
each Phase III transition. 
SEC. 843. PILOT PROGRAM TO INCENTIVIZE EM-
PLOYEE OWNERSHIP IN DEFENSE 
CONTRACTING. 
(a) DEFINITIONS.—In this section: 
(1) 
APPROPRIATE
COMMITTEES
OF
CON-
GRESS.—The term ‘‘appropriate committees 
of Congress’’ means— 
(A) the Committee on Armed Services of 
the Senate; and 
(B) the Committee on Armed Services of 
the House of Representatives. 
(2) 
QUALIFIED
BUSINESS
WHOLLY-OWNED 
THROUGH
AN
EMPLOYEE
STOCK
OWNERSHIP 
PLAN.—The term ‘‘qualified businesses whol-
ly-owned through an Employee Stock Owner-
ship Plan’’ means an S corporation (as de-
fined in section 1361(a)(1) of the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986) for which 100 percent of 
the outstanding stock is held through an em-
ployee stock ownership plan (as defined in 
section 4975(e)(7) of the Internal Revenue 
Code). 
(b) AUTHORITY
TO
USE
NONCOMPETITIVE 
PROCEDURES
FOR FOLLOW-ON CONTRACTS
TO 
QUALIFIED
BUSINESSES
WHOLLY
OWNED 
THROUGH
AN
EMPLOYEE
STOCK
OWNERSHIP 
PLAN.—Notwithstanding the requirements of 
section 2304 of title 10, United States Code, 
in the case of a follow-on contract for the 
continued development, production, or provi-
sion of products or services that are the 
same as or substantially similar to the prod-
ucts or services procured by the Department 
of Defense under a prior contract held by a 
qualified business wholly owned through an 
Employee Stock Ownership Plan, such prod-
ucts or services may be deemed to be avail-
able only from the holder of the prior con-
tract and may be procured by the Depart-
ment of Defense through procedures other 
than competitive procedures if the perform-
ance of the qualified business wholly owned 
through an Employee Stock Ownership Plan 
on the prior contract was rated as satisfac-
tory (or the equivalent) or better in the ap-
plicable past performance database. 
(c) VERIFICATION AND REPORTING OF QUALI-
FIED BUSINESSES WHOLLY OWNED THROUGH AN 
EMPLOYEE
STOCK
OWNERSHIP
PLAN.—The 
Secretary of Defense shall prescribe such 
procedures as may be necessary for— 
(1) businesses to verify that they are quali-
fied businesses wholly owned through an Em-
ployee Stock Ownership Plan for the pur-
poses of subsection (b) using existing Federal 
reporting mechanisms; 
(2) a qualified businesses wholly owned 
through an Employee Stock Ownership Plan 
to certify that not more than 50 percent of 
the amount paid under the contract will be 
expended on subcontracts, subject to such 
necessary and reasonable waivers as the Sec-
retary may prescribe; and 
(3) recording information on each use of 
the authority under subsection (b), including 
details relevant to the nature of the contract 
and the qualified business wholly owned 
through an Employee Stock Ownership Plan, 
and providing such information to the Comp-
troller General of the United States. 
(d) DATA.—(1) The Secretary shall establish 
mechanisms to collect and analyze data on 
the execution of the pilot program for the 
purposes of— 
(A) developing and sharing best practices 
for achieving goals established for the pilot 
program established under this section; 
(B) providing information to leadership 
and the congressional defense committees on 
the execution of the pilot program, includ-
ing— 
(i) company size; 
(ii) performance of contract; and 
(iii) other information as determined effec-
tive or necessary; and 
(C) providing information to leadership 
and the congressional defense committees on 
related policy issues. 
(2) The Secretary may not execute the 
pilot program prior to completion of a data 
strategy and plan to meet the requirements 
of this subsection. 
(e) SUNSET.—The authority under sub-
section (b) shall expire on the date that is 
five years after the date of the enactment of 
this Act. 
(f) COMPTROLLER GENERAL OF THE UNITED 
STATES REPORT.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than three years 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
the Comptroller General of the United States 
shall submit to the appropriate committees 
of Congress a report on the individual and 
aggregate uses of the authority under sub-
section (b), using such data as may be avail-
able up to that time. 
(2) ELEMENTS.—The report under paragraph 
(1) shall include the following elements: 
(A) An assessment of the frequency and na-
ture of the use of the authority under sub-
section (b). 
(B) An assessment of the impact of such 
programs in supporting the National Defense 
Strategy. 
(C) The number of businesses to become 
qualified businesses wholly owned through 
an Employee Stock Ownership Plan in order 
to qualify for the authority under subsection 
(b) and factors that influenced the decision. 
(D) Acquisition authorities that could 
incentivize businesses to become qualified 
businesses wholly owned through an Em-
ployee Stock Ownership Plan, including the 
extension of the authority under subsection 
(b). 
(E) Any related matters the Comptroller 
General considers appropriate. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00051
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 62-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8594 
November 19, 2021 
Subtitle E—Other Matters 
SEC. 851. TECHNOLOGY PROTECTION FEATURES 
ACTIVITIES. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Section 2357 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)— 
(A) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ before ‘‘Any’’; 
(B) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(2) If the designated system receives Mile-
stone B approval, then the contractor’s por-
tion of the costs, described in paragraph (1), 
may be treated as allowable independent re-
search and development costs.’’; and 
(2) in subsection (c)— 
(A) by redesignating paragraph (2) as para-
graph (4); and 
(B) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-
lowing new paragraphs: 
‘‘(2) The term ‘independent research and 
development costs’ has the meaning given 
the term in section 2372 of this title. 
‘‘(3) The term ‘Milestone B approval’ has 
the meaning given the term in section 
2336(e)(7) of this title’’. 
(b) CONFORMING REGULATIONS.—Not later 
than 120 days after the date of the enactment 
of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall re-
vise the Department of Defense Supplement 
to the Federal Acquisition Regulation to 
conform with section 2357 of title 10, United 
States Code, as amended by subsection (a). 
SEC. 852. INDEPENDENT STUDY ON TECHNICAL 
DEBT IN SOFTWARE-INTENSIVE SYS-
TEMS. 
(a) STUDY REQUIRED.—Not later than July 
1, 2022, the Secretary of Defense shall enter 
into an agreement with a federally funded 
research and development center to study 
technical debt in software-intensive systems. 
(b) STUDY ELEMENTS.—The study required 
under subsection (a) shall include analyses 
and recommendations on the following ele-
ments: 
(1) Qualitative and quantitative measures 
which can be used to identify a desired fu-
ture state for software-intensive programs. 
(2) Qualitative and quantitative measures 
that can be used to assess technical debt. 
(3) Policies for data access to identify and 
assess technical debt and best practices for 
programs to make such data appropriately 
available for use. 
(4) Forms of technical debt which are suit-
able for objective or subjective analysis. 
(5) Current practices of Department of De-
fense software-intensive programs to track 
and use data related to technical debt. 
(6) Appropriate individuals or organiza-
tions that should be responsible for the iden-
tification and assessment of technical debt, 
including the organization responsible for 
independent assessments. 
(7) Scenarios, frequency, or program phases 
when technical debt should be assessed. 
(8) Best practices to identify and assess 
technical debt. 
(9) Best practices to monitor the accumu-
lating costs of technical debt. 
(10) Criteria to support decisions by pro-
gram officials on whether to incur, carry, or 
reduce technical debt. 
(11) Practices for the Department of De-
fense to incrementally adopt to initiate 
practices for managing technical debt. 
(c) ACCESS
TO DATA
AND RECORDS.—The 
Secretary shall ensure that the federally 
funded research and development center se-
lected shall have sufficient resources and ac-
cess to technical data, individuals, organiza-
tions, and records necessary to complete the 
study required under this section. 
(d) REPORT REQUIRED.—Not later than 18 
months after entering the agreement under 
subsection (a), the Secretary shall submit to 
the congressional defense committees a re-
port on the study required under subsection 
(b), along with any additional information 
and views as desired in publicly releasable 
and unclassified forms. The Secretary may 
also include a classified annex to the study 
as necessary. 
(e) BRIEFING
REQUIRED.—Not later than 
April 1, 2022, the Secretary shall provide a 
briefing to the congressional defense com-
mittees 
on 
activities 
undertaken 
and 
planned, any barriers, and resources to be 
provided to execute activities under this sec-
tion. 
SEC. 853. DETERMINATION WITH RESPECT TO OP-
TICAL FIBER TRANSMISSION EQUIP-
MENT FOR DEPARTMENT OF DE-
FENSE PURPOSES. 
(a) DETERMINATION.—Not later than 120 
days after the date of the enactment of this 
Act, the Secretary of Defense shall review 
optical transmission equipment, including 
optical fiber and cable equipment, for poten-
tial inclusion on the list of covered commu-
nications equipment pursuant to section 2 of 
the Secure and Trusted Communications 
Networks Act of 2019 (47 U.S.C. 1601), and 
make a determination as to whether or not 
such equipment should be included on the 
list. 
(b) NOTIFICATION REQUIREMENT.—Not later 
than 180 days after the date of the enactment 
of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall 
notify the congressional defense committees 
of the findings of the review and determina-
tion required under subsection (a). 
SEC. 854. TWO-YEAR EXTENSION OF SELECTED 
ACQUISITION 
REPORT 
REQUIRE-
MENT. 
(a) EXTENSION.—Section 2432(j) of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by striking 
‘‘fiscal year 2021’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 
2023’’. 
(b) DEMONSTRATION REQUIRED.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than March 1, 
2022, the Secretary of Defense shall provide 
to the congressional defense committees a 
demonstration of the full operational capa-
bility of the reporting system that will re-
place the Selected Acquisition Report re-
quirements under section 2432 of title 10, 
United States Code, as amended by sub-
section (a). 
(2) ELEMENTS.— The demonstration re-
quired under paragraph (1) shall incorporate 
the following elements: 
(A) The findings of the report required 
under section 830(b) of the National Defense 
Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2020 (Pub-
lic Law 116–92; 133 Stat. 1492). 
(B) A demonstration of the replacement re-
porting system’s full suite of data sharing 
capabilities that can be accessed by author-
ized external users, including the congres-
sional defense committees, for a range of 
programs across acquisition categories, in-
cluding those selected under section 831 of 
the National Defense Authorization Act for 
Fiscal Year 2020 (Public Law 116–92; 133 Stat. 
1492). 
(C) The plan required under subsection (c). 
(c) PLAN REQUIRED.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than February 1, 
2022, the Secretary of Defense, in consulta-
tion with the Secretaries of the military de-
partments, the Under Secretary of Defense 
(Comptroller), and the Director of Cost As-
sessment and Program Evaluation, shall de-
liver to the congressional defense commit-
tees the Department of Defense’s plan for re-
porting to the congressional defense commit-
tees on acquisition programs. 
(2) OBJECTIVES.—The plan required under 
paragraph (1) shall ensure that reporting— 
(A) addresses program progress against 
cost, schedule, and performance goals and 
provides an assessment of program risks; and 
(B) includes annual reporting, at a min-
imum, and provides continuous or periodic 
updates for external users, as appropriate, to 
increase the efficiency of and reduce the bu-
reaucratic burdens for reporting data and in-
formation on acquisition programs. 
(3) ELEMENTS.—The plan shall include the 
following elements: 
(A) The types of programs to be included in 
reporting, including the dollar value thresh-
old for reporting, and the acquisition meth-
odologies and pathways that are to be in-
cluded. 
(B) The planned reporting schedule, includ-
ing when reports will be available to exter-
nal users and the intervals at which data 
will be updated. 
(C) The specific data elements to be in-
cluded in reporting to assess program per-
formance and associated risks, to include, at 
a minimum, software development and cy-
bersecurity risks, and an identification of 
any data elements that cannot be publicly 
released. 
(D) The criteria to initiate, modify, or ter-
minate reporting for programs, as appro-
priate, based on program characteristics, ac-
quisition methodology or pathway being 
used, cost growth or changes, and program 
performance. 
(E) The mechanisms by which reporting 
will be provided to the congressional defense 
committees and other external users, includ-
ing— 
(i) identification of types of organizations 
that will have access to the system, includ-
ing those outside the Department of Defense; 
(ii) how the system will be accessed by 
users, including those outside the Depart-
ment of Defense; 
(iii) how those users will be trained on the 
use of the system and what level of support 
will be available for users on an ongoing 
basis; and 
(iv) the data, information, and analytical 
capabilities supported by the system. 
(F) Identification and description of— 
(i) the organizations responsible for imple-
mentation of and overall operation of the 
system; 
(ii) the organizations responsible for enter-
ing data into the system and ensuring that 
data is entered into the system in a timely 
fashion; 
(iii) schedule and milestones for implemen-
tation; 
(iv) resources required, including personnel 
and funding; 
(v) implementation risks and how they will 
be mitigated; 
(vi) any necessary updates to policy or 
guidance required to implement the proposed 
reporting approach; and 
(vii) any legislative changes required to 
implement the proposed reporting approach. 
SEC. 855. MILITARY STANDARDS FOR HIGH-HARD-
NESS ARMOR IN COMBAT VEHICLE 
SPECIFICATIONS. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than March 31, 
2022, the Secretary of the Army shall estab-
lish military standards for high-hardness 
armor for incorporation into specifications 
for current and future combat vehicles devel-
oped and procured by the Department of the 
Army. 
(b) REPORT REQUIRED.—Not later than June 
30, 2022, the Secretary of the Army shall pro-
vide a report to the congressional defense 
committees that describes— 
(1) the establishment of military standards 
for high-hardness armor required pursuant 
to subsection (a); and 
(2) the strategy for incorporation of those 
standards into combat vehicle specifications. 
(c) COMBAT
VEHICLE
DEFINED.—For pur-
poses of this section, the term ‘‘combat vehi-
cle’’ means a tracked or wheeled tactical ve-
hicle incorporating high-hardness armor in 
its manufacture. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00052
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 63-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8595 
November 19, 2021 
SEC. 856. REVISIONS TO THE UNIFIED FACILITIES 
CRITERIA REGARDING THE USE OF 
VARIABLE REFRIGERANT FLOW SYS-
TEMS. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—The Under Secretary of 
Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment 
shall publish any proposed revisions to the 
Unified Facilities Criteria regarding the use 
of variable refrigerant flow systems in the 
Federal Register and shall specify a com-
ment period of at least 60 days. 
(b) NOTICE.—The Secretary of Defense shall 
submit to the Committees on Armed Serv-
ices of the Senate and the House of Rep-
resentatives a written notice and justifica-
tion for any proposed revisions to the Uni-
fied Facilities Criteria regarding the use of 
variable refrigerant flow systems not later 
than 30 days after the date of publication in 
the Federal Register. 
TITLE IX—DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE 
ORGANIZATION AND MANAGEMENT 
SEC. 901. CHANGE IN ELIGIBILITY REQUIRE-
MENTS FOR APPOINTMENT TO CER-
TAIN 
DEPARTMENT 
OF 
DEFENSE 
LEADERSHIP POSITIONS. 
(a) ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF DEFENSE FOR 
SPECIAL OPERATIONS AND LOW INTENSITY CON-
FLICT.—Section 138(b)(2)(A) of title 10, United 
States Code, is amended by inserting after 
the third sentence the following: ‘‘A person 
may not be appointed as Assistant Secretary 
within seven years after relief from active 
duty as a commissioned officer of a regular 
component of an armed force.’’. 
(b) SECRETARY
OF
THE
ARMY.—Section 
7013(a)(2) of title 10, United States Code, is 
amended by striking ‘‘five’’ and inserting 
‘‘seven’’. 
(c) SECRETARY
OF
THE
NAVY.—Section 
8013(a)(2) of title 10, United States Code, is 
amended by striking ‘‘five’’ and inserting 
‘‘seven’’. 
(d) SECRETARY OF THE AIR FORCE.—Section 
9013(a)(2) of title 10, United States Code, is 
amended by striking ‘‘five’’ and inserting 
‘‘seven’’. 
(e) TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS RELATING
TO 
OTHER POSITIONS.— 
(1) UNDER
SECRETARY
OF
DEFENSE
(COMP-
TROLLER).—Section 
135(a)(1) 
of 
title 
10, 
United States Code, is amended by striking 
‘‘the armed forces’’ and inserting ‘‘an armed 
force’’. 
(2) UNDER SECRETARY OF DEFENSE FOR PER-
SONNEL
AND
READINESS.—Section 136(a) of 
title 10, United States Code, is amended by 
striking ‘‘the armed forces’’ and inserting 
‘‘an armed force’’. 
(3) UNDER SECRETARY OF DEFENSE FOR IN-
TELLIGENCE AND SECURITY.—Section 137(a) of 
title 10, United States Code, is amended by 
striking ‘‘the armed forces’’ and inserting 
‘‘an armed force’’. 
SEC. 902. RENAMING OF AIR NATIONAL GUARD 
TO 
AIR 
AND 
SPACE 
NATIONAL 
GUARD. 
(a) TITLE 10.—Title 10, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in the section headings, by striking 
‘‘Air National Guard’’ each place it appears 
and inserting ‘‘Air 
and 
Space 
National 
Guard’’; 
(2) in the tables of sections, by striking 
‘‘Air National Guard’’ each place it appears 
and inserting ‘‘Air and Space National 
Guard’’; and 
(3) in the text, by striking ‘‘Air National 
Guard’’ each place it appears and inserting 
‘‘Air and Space National Guard’’. 
(b) TITLE 32.—Title 32, United States Code, 
is 
amended 
by 
striking 
‘‘Air 
National 
Guard’’ each place it appears and inserting 
‘‘Air and Space National Guard’’. 
(c) TITLE 37.—Title 37, United States Code, 
is 
amended 
by 
striking 
‘‘Air 
National 
Guard’’ each place it appears and inserting 
‘‘Air and Space National Guard’’. 
(d) TITLE 38.—Title 38, United States Code, 
is 
amended 
by 
striking 
‘‘Air 
National 
Guard’’ each place it appears and inserting 
‘‘Air and Space National Guard’’. 
(e) OTHER PROVISIONS OF LAW.— 
(1) TITLE 5.—Title 5, United States Code, is 
amended— 
(A) in section 2108(1)(B), by striking ‘‘Air 
National Guard’’ and inserting ‘‘Air and 
Space National Guard’’; and 
(B) in section 5518(2), by striking ‘‘Air Na-
tional Guard’’ and inserting ‘‘Air and Space 
National Guard’’. 
(2) TITLE 18.—Section 1716(g)(2) of title 18, 
United States Code, is amended by striking 
‘‘Air National Guard’’ and inserting ‘‘Air and 
Space National Guard’’. 
(3) TITLE
28.—Section 631(c) of title 28, 
United States Code, is amended by striking 
‘‘Air National Guard’’ and inserting ‘‘Air and 
Space National Guard’’. 
(4) TITLE
36.—Section 20203 of title 36, 
United States Code, is amended by striking 
‘‘Air National Guard’’ each place it appears 
and inserting ‘‘Air and Space National 
Guard’’. 
(5) INTERNAL
REVENUE
CODE
OF
1986.—Sec-
tion 3309(b)(3)(C) of the Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘Air Na-
tional Guard’’ and inserting ‘‘Air and Space 
National Guard’’. 
(6) TRADE ACT OF 1974.—Section 233(i)(2)(B) 
of 
the 
Trade 
Act 
of 
1974 
(19 
U.S.C. 
2293(i)(2)(B)) is amended by striking ‘‘Air Na-
tional Guard’’ and inserting ‘‘Air and Space 
National Guard’’. 
(f) REFERENCES.—Any reference in law, reg-
ulation, document, paper, or other record of 
the United States to the Air National Guard 
or the Air National Guard of the United 
States shall be deemed to be a reference to 
the Air and Space National Guard or the Air 
and Space National Guard of the United 
States, respectively. 
(g) REPORT REQUIRED.—Not later than 180 
days after the date of the enactment of this 
Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to 
the congressional defense committees a re-
port that includes— 
(1) a plan to implement the organizational 
changes necessary to carry out the amend-
ments made by subsections (a) through (f); 
and 
(2) a description of any technical and con-
forming amendments to provisions of law 
necessary to fully implement those changes. 
SEC. 903. JOINT AVIATION SAFETY COUNCIL. 
(a) SHORT
TITLE.—This section may be 
cited as the ‘‘Preventing Loss of Aircrews 
and Necessary Equipment Act’’ or the 
‘‘PLANE Act’’. 
(b) FINDINGS.—Congress makes the fol-
lowing findings: 
(1) Section 1087 of the John S. McCain Na-
tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal 
Year 2019 (Public Law 115–232; 132 Stat. 1992) 
established and authorized funding for the 
National Commission on Military Aviation 
Safety (in this subsection referred to as the 
‘‘Commission’’). 
(2) The mission of the Commission as an 
independent establishment was to undertake 
a comprehensive study of United States mili-
tary aviation mishaps that occurred between 
fiscal years 2013 and 2018 in order— 
(A) to assess the rates of military aviation 
mishaps between fiscal years 2013 and 2018 
compared to historic aviation mishap rates; 
(B) to make an assessment of the under-
lying causes contributing to accidents aris-
ing from the unexplained physiological ef-
fects of flying; 
(C) to make an assessment of causes con-
tributing to delays in aviation maintenance 
and limiting operational availability of air-
craft; 
(D) to make an assessment of the causes 
contributing to military aviation mishaps; 
and 
(E) to make recommendations on the 
modifications, if any, of safety, training, 
maintenance, personnel, or other policies re-
lated to military aviation safety. 
(3) The Commission released its report to 
the President and Congress on December 1, 
2020, and found that the United States Armed 
Forces lost a total of 224 lives, $11,600,000,000, 
and 186 aircraft to training accidents or rou-
tine operations between fiscal years 2013 and 
2020. 
(4) While the Commission conducted its 
study, 26 lives, 29 aircraft, and $2,250,000,000 
were lost. 
(5) The Commission made a number of rec-
ommendations to correct the increasing 
number of mishaps in hopes of saving pre-
cious lives and resources in the future. 
(c) SENSE OF CONGRESS.—It is the sense of 
Congress that a confluence of factors is con-
tributing to United States military aviation 
mishaps, including— 
(1) lack of centralized joint oversight; 
(2) misunderstanding of the physiological 
effects of the human-machine interface; 
(3) byzantine planning, contracting, and 
program management processes; 
(4) continued need for predictable and reli-
able funding; 
(5) over-extension of aviation forces as a 
result of high demand and low density; 
(6) underemphasis on maintainers as pro-
fessional occupational specialties that re-
quire complex, career paths to support avia-
tion 
safety, 
readiness, 
and 
operational 
tempo; and 
(7) dwindling pilot retention. 
(d) ESTABLISHMENT
OF
JOINT
AVIATION 
SAFETY COUNCIL.— 
(1) IN
GENERAL.—Chapter 7 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by inserting 
after section 183a the following new section: 
‘‘§ 184. Joint Aviation Safety Council 
‘‘(a) ESTABLISHMENT.—There is established, 
within the Office of the Deputy Secretary of 
Defense, a Joint Aviation Safety Council (in 
this section referred to as the ‘Council’). 
‘‘(b) MEMBERSHIP.— 
‘‘(1) IN
GENERAL.—The Council shall be 
composed of voting members as follows: 
‘‘(A) The Director of Safety for each mili-
tary department. 
‘‘(B) An employee of the Department of De-
fense appointed by the Deputy Secretary of 
Defense under paragraph (2)(B). 
‘‘(C) One member of each military depart-
ment appointed by the Secretary concerned. 
‘‘(2) APPOINTMENT.— 
‘‘(A) DEADLINE.—The initial members of 
the Council shall be appointed not later than 
30 days after the date of the enactment of 
the National Defense Authorization Act for 
Fiscal Year 2022. 
‘‘(B) 
SENIOR
EXECUTIVE
SERVICE
EM-
PLOYEE.—The Deputy Secretary of Defense 
shall appoint under paragraph (1)(B) an em-
ployee of the Department of Defense who is 
a career member of the Senior Executive 
Service with a record of successfully running 
programs within the Department. 
‘‘(C) DIRECTORS OF SAFETY.—Not later than 
30 days after the date of the enactment of 
the National Defense Authorization Act for 
Fiscal Year 2022, the Secretary of each mili-
tary department shall appoint an officer of 
that department in grade O–8 as Director of 
Safety for the department. 
‘‘(3) REMOVAL.—A member of the Council 
shall serve at the will of the official who ap-
pointed the member. 
‘‘(4) 
VACANCIES.—Any 
vacancy 
on 
the 
Council shall be filled in the same manner as 
the original appointment. 
‘‘(5) COMPENSATION.—A member of the 
Council shall serve without compensation in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00053
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 64-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8596 
November 19, 2021 
addition to the compensation received by the 
member for the service of the member as an 
officer or employee of the United States. 
‘‘(6) MEETINGS.—The Council shall meet 
quarterly and at the call of the chairperson. 
‘‘(c) CHAIRPERSON AND VICE CHAIRPERSON.— 
‘‘(1) CHAIRPERSON.— 
‘‘(A) IN
GENERAL.—The Secretary of De-
fense shall select one of the members of the 
Council who is a member of the armed forces 
to serve as chairperson of the Council. 
‘‘(B) TERM.—The chairperson shall serve 
for a term of two years. 
‘‘(C) RESPONSIBILITIES OF CHAIRPERSON.—In 
addition to serving as the head of the Coun-
cil, the chairperson shall— 
‘‘(i) serve as the Director of Aviation Safe-
ty for the Department of Defense; 
‘‘(ii) serve as principal advisor to the Sec-
retary of Defense regarding military avia-
tion safety and related regulations and pol-
icy reforms, including issues regarding main-
tenance, supply chains, personnel manage-
ment, and training; 
‘‘(iii) oversee all duties and activities of 
the Council including conduct of military 
aviation safety studies and issuance of safety 
guidance to services; 
‘‘(iv) work with and advise the Secretaries 
of the military departments through ap-
pointed safety chiefs to implement standard-
ized aviation safety guidance across all mili-
tary departments; 
‘‘(v) submit an annual report to Secretary 
of Defense and Congress reviewing the com-
pliance of each military department with the 
guidance described in clause (iv); 
‘‘(vi) advise Congress on issues related to 
military aviation safety and reforms; and 
‘‘(vii) oversee coordination with other Fed-
eral agencies, including the Federal Aviation 
Administration, to inform military aviation 
safety guidance and reforms. 
‘‘(2) VICE CHAIRPERSON.— 
‘‘(A) 
IN
GENERAL.—The 
individual 
ap-
pointed under subsection (b)(1)(B) shall serve 
as vice chairperson of the Council. 
‘‘(B) RELATIONSHIP
TO
CHAIRPERSON.—The 
vice chairperson of the Council shall report 
to the chairperson and serve as chairperson 
in the absence of the chairperson selected 
under subparagraph (A). 
‘‘(d) RESPONSIBILITIES OF COUNCIL.— 
‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—Subject to subsection (e), 
the Council shall be responsible for issuing, 
publishing, and updating regulations related 
to military aviation safety, including regula-
tions on the reporting and investigation of 
aviation mishaps. 
‘‘(2) MISHAP DATA.—The Council shall— 
‘‘(A) establish uniform data collection 
standards for aviation mishaps in the De-
partment of Defense; 
‘‘(B) review the compliance of each mili-
tary department in adopting and using the 
uniform data collection standards required 
under subparagraph (A); and 
‘‘(C) review aviation mishap data to assess, 
identify, and prioritize risk mitigation ef-
forts in military aviation. 
‘‘(3) NON-MISHAP DATA.—The Council shall 
establish— 
‘‘(A) standards and requirements for the 
collection of aircraft, simulator, airfield, and 
pilot data; and 
‘‘(B) requirements for each military de-
partment to collect and analyze the issuance 
of any waiver related to pilot qualifications 
or standards. 
‘‘(4) AVIATION
SAFETY
MANAGEMENT
SYS-
TEM.—The Council shall— 
‘‘(A) establish, in consultation with the 
Administrator of the Federal Aviation Ad-
ministration, a requirement for each mili-
tary department to implement an aviation 
safety management system; 
‘‘(B) review for approval the proposal of 
each military department for an aviation 
safety management system; and 
‘‘(C) review the implementation of that 
system by each military department. 
‘‘(5) REVIEW OF CIVIL AVIATION SAFETY PRO-
GRAMS AND PRACTICES.—The Council shall re-
view and assess civil aviation safety pro-
grams and practices and determine their 
suitability for implementation in military 
aviation. 
‘‘(e) OVERSIGHT.—The decisions and rec-
ommendations of the Council are subject to 
review and approval by the Deputy Secretary 
of Defense. 
‘‘(f) STAFF.— 
‘‘(1) PERMANENT STAFF.—The Council may 
appoint and fix the rate of basic pay for addi-
tional personnel as staff of the Council in ac-
cordance with section 3101 of title 5. 
‘‘(2) DETAILEES.—The Council may accept 
individuals on detail from within the Depart-
ment of Defense and from other Federal 
agencies on a reimbursable or non-reimburs-
able basis. 
‘‘(g) SPACE FOR COUNCIL.—Not later than 90 
days after the date of the enactment of the 
National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-
cal Year 2022, the Administrator of General 
Services, in consultation with the Secretary 
of Defense, shall identify and make available 
suitable excess space within the Federal 
space inventory to house the operations of 
the Council. If the Administrator is not able 
to make such suitable excess space available 
within such 90-day period, the Council may 
lease space to the extent that funds are 
available for such purpose. 
‘‘(h) CONTRACTING AUTHORITY.—The Coun-
cil may enter into contracts for the acquisi-
tion of administrative supplies, equipment, 
and personnel services for use by the Coun-
cil, to the extent that funds are available for 
such purposes. 
‘‘(i) PROCUREMENT
OF
TEMPORARY
AND 
INTERMITTENT SERVICES.—The chairperson of 
the Council may procure temporary and 
intermittent services under section 3109(b) of 
title 5 at rates for individuals that do not ex-
ceed the daily equivalent of the annual rate 
of basic pay prescribed for level V of the Ex-
ecutive Schedule under section 5316 of such 
title. 
‘‘(j) DATA COLLECTION.— 
‘‘(1) ACCESS TO DATABASES.—Under regula-
tions prescribed by the Secretary of Defense, 
the Council shall have access to databases of 
the Department of Defense necessary to 
carry out the duties of the Council. 
‘‘(2) SHARING OF AVIATION SAFETY DATA.— 
Under regulations prescribed by the Sec-
retary of Defense, the Council may enter 
into agreements with the Federal Aviation 
Administration, the National Transportation 
Safety Board, and any other Federal agency 
regarding the sharing of aviation safety 
data. 
‘‘(3) PRIVILEGE OF DATA.—Except for such 
data as the Secretary of Defense may choose 
to provide, and notwithstanding any other 
provision of law, data collected by the Coun-
cil under this subsection shall be privileged 
from disclosure or discovery to any person.’’. 
(2) CLERICAL
AMENDMENT.—The table of 
sections for chapter 7 of such title is amend-
ed by inserting after the item relating to 
section 183a the following new item: 
‘‘184. Joint Aviation Safety Council.’’. 
(e) TIMELINE
FOR
ESTABLISHMENT.—The 
Secretary of Defense shall implement and 
provide the necessary resources for the Joint 
Aviation Safety Council established under 
section 184 of title 10, United States Code, as 
added by subsection (d), by not later than 
the date that is 120 days after the date of the 
enactment of this Act. 
(f) REPORT REQUIRED.—Not later than 120 
days after the date of the enactment of this 
Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to 
the congressional defense committees a re-
port that includes— 
(1) a description of the measures the De-
partment of Defense plans to take to correct 
the issues identified in the report to the 
President and Congress of the National Com-
mission on Military Aviation Safety Report, 
dated December 1, 2020; 
(2) a statement of whether the Secretary 
concurs or disagrees with the findings of 
that report; and 
(3) a detailed plan of action for implemen-
tation of each recommendation included in 
that report. 
(g) FUNDING.—The amount authorized to be 
appropriated for fiscal year 2022 by this Act 
for military personnel appropriations is 
hereby increased by $4,000,000, with the 
amount of the increase to be available for 
the Joint Aviation Safety Council estab-
lished under section 184 of title 10, United 
States Code, as added by subsection (d). 
SEC. 904. ASSIGNMENTS FOR PARTICIPANTS IN 
THE JOHN S. MCCAIN STRATEGIC 
DEFENSE FELLOWS PROGRAM. 
Section 932(e) of the John S. McCain Na-
tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal 
Year 2019 (Public Law 115–232; 10 U.S.C. 1580 
note prec.) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (2)— 
(A) by striking ‘‘and each Under Secretary 
of Defense and Director of a Defense Agency 
who reports directly to the Secretary of De-
fense,’’ and inserting ‘‘, each Under Sec-
retary of Defense, and other officials, as des-
ignated by the Secretary of Defense, within 
the Office of the Secretary of Defense (as de-
fined in section 131 of title 10, United States 
Code) who report directly to the Secretary of 
Defense’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘or Director’’ and inserting 
‘‘or official within the Office of the Sec-
retary of Defense’’; 
(2) in paragraph (3)— 
(A) by striking ‘‘Under Secretaries and Di-
rectors’’ and inserting ‘‘Under Secretaries of 
Defense and other officials within the Office 
of the Secretary of Defense’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘Under Secretary, or Direc-
tor’’ and inserting ‘‘Under Secretary of De-
fense, or other official within the Office of 
the Secretary of Defense’’; and 
(3) in paragraph (7), by striking ‘‘shall be 
on a first-come, first-served basis’’ and in-
serting ‘‘may require a minimum service 
agreement, as determined by the Secretary’’. 
SEC. 
905. 
ALIGNMENT 
OF 
CLOSE 
COMBAT 
LETHALITY TASK FORCE. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Until the Secretary of 
Defense submits to the congressional defense 
committees the report described in sub-
section (b), the Secretary shall reinstate— 
(1) the initial alignment of the Close Com-
bat Lethality Task Force (CCLTF) so that 
the Task Force reports directly to the Sec-
retary; and 
(2) the designation of the Task Force as a 
cross-functional team under section 911 of 
the National Defense Authorization Act for 
Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 10 
U.S.C. 111 note). 
(b) REPORT
DESCRIBED.—The report de-
scribed in this subsection is a report on a 
proposed alternative alignment for the Close 
Combat Lethality Task Force that in-
cludes— 
(1) a description of— 
(A) how the proposed alignment of the 
Task Force would— 
(i) facilitate the effective pursuit of, and 
support for, both materiel and non-materiel 
initiatives by the Task Force; 
(ii) maintain benefits for the Task Force 
similar to the benefits associated with re-
porting directly to the Secretary of Defense 
and designation as a cross-functional team; 
and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00054
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 65-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8597 
November 19, 2021 
(iii) ensure collaboration and support from 
the primary stakeholders in the Task Force, 
including the Army, the Marine Corps, and 
the United States Special Operations Com-
mand; and 
(B) how the Task Force would be funded 
and gain appropriate resourcing for cross- 
functional team initiatives supported by the 
Secretary; and 
(2) supporting analysis for the matters de-
scribed in paragraph (1). 
(c) EXCEPTION.—Subsection (a) does not 
apply if the President submits to the con-
gressional defense committees— 
(1) a certification that implementing that 
subsection would be detrimental to the de-
fense interests of the United States; and 
(2) a justification for the certification. 
SEC. 906. MANAGEMENT INNOVATION ACTIVI-
TIES. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of Defense 
shall establish a set of activities to improve 
the effectiveness of management activities 
within the Department of Defense, with the 
goals of incorporating appropriate private 
sector 
management 
practices 
and 
tech-
nologies and enhancing the capabilities of 
the defense management workforce. 
(b) MANAGEMENT ACTIVITIES.—The activi-
ties established under subsection (a) may in-
clude the following: 
(1) Public-private partnerships with appro-
priate private sector and government organi-
zations. 
(2) Personnel exchange programs with ap-
propriate industry, academic, and govern-
ment organizations to enhance the capabili-
ties of the defense management workforce. 
(3) Research, development, and technology 
and business process prototyping activities 
to create new technological capabilities to 
support management missions, or develop-
ment and testing of new management con-
cepts and business transformation activities. 
(4) A designated activity or agency to lead 
management innovation activities. 
(5) A process by which defense business 
process owners and other personnel of the 
Department of Defense can identify manage-
ment and business process challenges and op-
portunities that could be addressed by ac-
tivities established under this section. 
(6) Processes to develop, prototype, test, 
and field new business processes and prac-
tices to improve defense management capa-
bilities. 
(7) Academic research and educational ac-
tivities related to defense management mis-
sions to promote— 
(A) development of innovative manage-
ment concepts; 
(B) analyses and addressing of current 
management challenges; and 
(C) development of programs and activities 
to develop a future defense management 
workforce. 
(8) Such other activities as the Secretary 
considers appropriate. 
(c) PLAN REQUIRED.—Not later than Feb-
ruary 1, 2023, the Secretary shall submit to 
the congressional defense committees a plan 
for activities established under this section. 
(d) BRIEFINGS.—Not later than July 1, 2022, 
and July 1, 2023, the Secretary shall provide 
to the congressional defense committees 
briefings on activities established and plans 
developed under this section. 
TITLE X—GENERAL PROVISIONS 
Subtitle A—Financial Matters 
SEC. 1001. GENERAL TRANSFER AUTHORITY. 
(a) AUTHORITY TO TRANSFER AUTHORIZA-
TIONS.— 
(1) AUTHORITY.—Upon determination by 
the Secretary of Defense that such action is 
necessary in the national interest, the Sec-
retary may transfer amounts of authoriza-
tions made available to the Department of 
Defense in this division for fiscal year 2022 
between any such authorizations for that fis-
cal year (or any subdivisions thereof). 
Amounts of authorizations so transferred 
shall be merged with and be available for the 
same purposes as the authorization to which 
transferred. 
(2) LIMITATION.—Except as provided in 
paragraph (3), the total amount of authoriza-
tions that the Secretary may transfer under 
the authority of this section may not exceed 
$6,000,000,000. 
(3) EXCEPTION
FOR
TRANSFERS
BETWEEN 
MILITARY
PERSONNEL
AUTHORIZATIONS.—A 
transfer of funds between military personnel 
authorizations under title IV shall not be 
counted toward the dollar limitation in para-
graph (2). 
(b) LIMITATIONS.—The authority provided 
by subsection (a) to transfer authoriza-
tions— 
(1) may only be used to provide authority 
for items that have a higher priority than 
the items from which authority is trans-
ferred; and 
(2) may not be used to provide authority 
for an item that has been denied authoriza-
tion by Congress. 
(c) EFFECT ON AUTHORIZATION AMOUNTS.—A 
transfer made from one account to another 
under the authority of this section shall be 
deemed to increase the amount authorized 
for the account to which the amount is 
transferred by an amount equal to the 
amount transferred. 
(d) NOTICE
TO CONGRESS.—The Secretary 
shall promptly notify Congress of each trans-
fer made under subsection (a). 
SEC. 1002. COMMISSION ON PLANNING, PRO-
GRAMMING, BUDGETING, AND EXE-
CUTION REFORM. 
(a) ESTABLISHMENT.— 
(1) IN
GENERAL.—There is hereby estab-
lished, as of the date specified in paragraph 
(2), an independent commission in the legis-
lative branch to be known as the ‘‘Commis-
sion on Planning, Programming, Budgeting, 
and Execution Reform’’ (in this section re-
ferred to as the ‘‘Commission’’). 
(2) DATE OF ESTABLISHMENT.—The date of 
establishment referred to in paragraph (1) is 
30 days after the date of the enactment of 
this Act. 
(b) MEMBERSHIP.— 
(1) NUMBER AND APPOINTMENT.—The Com-
mission shall be composed of 10 members 
from private civilian life who are recognized 
experts and have relevant professional expe-
rience in matters relating to the planning, 
programming, 
budgeting, 
and 
execution 
process of the Department of Defense. The 
members shall be appointed as follows: 
(A) The Secretary of Defense shall appoint 
two members. 
(B) The Chair and the Ranking Member of 
the Committee on Armed Services of the 
Senate shall each appoint one member. 
(C) The Chair and the Ranking Member of 
the Committee on Armed Services of the 
House of Representatives shall each appoint 
one member. 
(D) The Chair and the Ranking Member of 
the Subcommittee on Defense of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations of the Senate shall 
each appoint one member. 
(E) The Chair and the Ranking Member of 
the Subcommittee on Defense of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations of the House of 
Representatives shall each appoint one mem-
ber. 
(2) DEADLINE FOR APPOINTMENT.—Members 
shall be appointed to the Commission under 
paragraph (1) not later than 45 days after the 
Commission establishment date specified 
under subsection (a)(2). 
(3) EFFECT OF LACK OF APPOINTMENT BY AP-
POINTMENT
DATE.—If one or more appoint-
ments under paragraph (1) is not made by 
the appointment date specified in paragraph 
(2), the authority to make such appointment 
or appointments shall expire, and the num-
ber of members of the Commission shall be 
reduced by the number equal to the number 
of appointments so not made. 
(c) CHAIR AND VICE CHAIR.— 
(1) CHAIR.—The Chair of the Committee on 
Armed Services of the Senate and the Chair 
of the Committee on Armed Services of the 
House of Representatives shall jointly des-
ignate one member of the Commission to 
serve as Chair of the Commission. 
(2) VICE
CHAIR.—The ranking member of 
the Committee on Armed Services of the 
Senate and the ranking member of the Com-
mittee on Armed Services of the House of 
Representatives shall jointly designate one 
member of the Commission to serve as Vice 
Chair of the Commission. 
(d) PERIOD
OF APPOINTMENT
AND VACAN-
CIES.—Members shall be appointed for the 
life of the Commission. A vacancy in the 
Commission shall not affect its powers and 
shall be filled in the same manner as the 
original appointment was made. 
(e) PURPOSE.—The purpose of the Commis-
sion is to examine and make recommenda-
tions with respect to the planning, program-
ming, budgeting, and execution process of 
the Department of Defense. 
(f) SCOPE AND DUTIES.—In order to provide 
the fullest understanding of the matters re-
quired under subsection (e), the Commission 
shall perform the following duties: 
(1) The Commission shall review the plan-
ning, programming, budgeting, and execu-
tion process of the Department of Defense, 
including the development and production of 
the Defense Planning Guidance, the Program 
Objective Memorandum, and the Budget Es-
timate Submission. 
(2) The Commission shall conduct a com-
prehensive assessment of the efficacy and ef-
ficiency of all phases of the planning, pro-
gramming, budgeting, and execution process, 
including the roles of key Department offi-
cials and the timelines to complete the proc-
ess. 
(g) COMMISSION REPORT AND RECOMMENDA-
TIONS.— 
(1) REPORT.—Not later than one year after 
the Commission establishment date specified 
under subsection (a)(2), the Commission 
shall transmit to the Secretary of Defense 
and to Congress a report containing the re-
view and assessment conducted under sub-
section (f), together with any recommenda-
tions of the Commission. The report shall in-
clude the following elements: 
(A) An examination of the development of 
the Defense Planning Guidance, the Program 
Objective Memorandum, the Budget Esti-
mate Submission, and any supporting docu-
ments. 
(B) An analysis of the timelines involved in 
developing an annual budget request and the 
Future Years Defense Program, including 
the ability to make program changes within 
those timelines. 
(C) A review of the sufficiency of the civil-
ian personnel workforce in the Office of the 
Secretary of Defense and the Office of Cost 
Assessment and Program Evaluation to con-
duct budgetary and program evaluation 
analysis. 
(D) An examination of the obstacles that 
inhibit, and the efforts to develop, new and 
agile programming and budgeting processes 
to enable rapid development and integration 
of emerging technology to enable the United 
States to more effectively counter near-peer 
competitors. 
(E) A review of the frequency and suffi-
ciency of budget and program execution 
analysis, to include any existing data ana-
lytics tools and any suggested improve-
ments. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00055
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 66-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8598 
November 19, 2021 
(F) Recommendations for reform for the 
Department to make internally. 
(G) Recommendations for reform that re-
quire legislation. 
(H) Any other elements the Commission 
considers appropriate. 
(2) INTERIM BRIEFING.—Not later than 180 
days after the Commission establishment 
date specified in subsection (a)(2), the Com-
mission shall provide to the Committees on 
Armed Services of the Senate and the House 
of Representatives and the Subcommittees 
on Defense of the Committees on Appropria-
tions of the Senate and the House of Rep-
resentatives a briefing on the status of its 
review and assessment to include a discus-
sion of any interim recommendations. 
(3) FORM.—The report submitted to Con-
gress under paragraph (1) shall be submitted 
in unclassified form, but may include a clas-
sified annex. 
(h) GOVERNMENT COOPERATION.— 
(1) COOPERATION.—In carrying out its du-
ties, the Commission shall receive the full 
and timely cooperation of the Secretary of 
Defense in providing the Commission with 
analysis, briefings, and other information 
necessary for the fulfillment of its respon-
sibilities. 
(2) LIAISON.—The Secretary shall designate 
at least one officer or employee of the De-
partment of Defense to serve as a liaison of-
ficer between the Department and the Com-
mission. 
(3) DETAILEES AUTHORIZED.—The Secretary 
may provide, and the Commission may ac-
cept and employ, personnel detailed from the 
Department of Defense, without reimburse-
ment. 
(4) FACILITATION.— 
(A) INDEPENDENT, NON-GOVERNMENT
INSTI-
TUTE.—Not later than 45 days after the Com-
mission establishment date specified in sub-
section (a)(2), the Secretary of Defense shall 
make available to the Commission the serv-
ices of an independent, non-governmental in-
stitute described in section 501(c)(3) of the 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, and exempt 
from tax under section 501(a) of such Code, 
that has recognized credentials and expertise 
in national security and military affairs in 
order to facilitate the Commission’s dis-
charge of its duties under this section. 
(B) FEDERALLY FUNDED RESEARCH AND DE-
VELOPMENT CENTER.—On request of the Com-
mission, the Secretary of Defense shall make 
available the services of a federally funded 
research and development center that is cov-
ered by a sponsoring agreement of the De-
partment of Defense in order to enhance the 
Commission’s efforts to discharge its duties 
under this section. 
(i) STAFF.— 
(1) STATUS AS FEDERAL EMPLOYEES.—Not-
withstanding the requirements of section 
2105 of title 5, United States Code, including 
the required supervision under subsection 
(a)(3) of such section, the members of the 
commission shall be deemed to be Federal 
employees. 
(2) EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR.—The Commission 
shall appoint and fix the rate of basic pay for 
an Executive Director in accordance with 
section 3161(d) of title 5, United States Code. 
(3) PAY.—The Executive Director, with the 
approval of the Commission, may appoint 
and fix the rate of basic pay for additional 
personnel as staff of the Commission in ac-
cordance with section 3161(d) of title 5, 
United States Code. 
(j) PERSONAL SERVICES.— 
(1) AUTHORITY TO PROCURE.—The Commis-
sion may— 
(A) procure the services of experts or con-
sultants (or of organizations of experts or 
consultants) in accordance with the provi-
sions of section 3109 of title 5, United States 
Code; and 
(B) pay in connection with such services 
travel expenses of individuals, including 
transportation and per diem in lieu of sub-
sistence, while such individuals are traveling 
from their homes or places of business to 
duty stations. 
(2) MAXIMUM DAILY PAY RATES.—The daily 
rate paid an expert or consultant procured 
pursuant to paragraph (1) may not exceed 
the daily rate paid a person occupying a po-
sition at level IV of the Executive Schedule 
under section 5315 of title 5, United States 
Code. 
(k) AUTHORITY
TO
ACCEPT
GIFTS.—The 
Commission may accept, use, and dispose of 
gifts or donations of services, goods, and 
property from non-Federal entities for the 
purposes of aiding and facilitating the work 
of the Commission. The authority in this 
subsection does not extend to gifts of money. 
Gifts accepted under this authority shall be 
documented, and conflicts of interest or the 
appearance of conflicts of interest shall be 
avoided. Subject to the authority in this sec-
tion, commissioners shall otherwise comply 
with rules set forth by the Select Committee 
on Ethics of the Senate and the Committee 
on Ethics of the House of Representatives 
governing Senate and House employees. 
(l) FUNDING.—Of the amounts authorized to 
be appropriated by this Act for fiscal year 
2022 for the Department of Defense, up to 
$5,000,000 shall be made available to the Com-
mission to carry out its duties under this 
subtitle. Funds made available to the Com-
mission under the preceding sentence shall 
remain available until expended. 
(m) LEGISLATIVE ADVISORY COMMITTEE.— 
The Commission shall operate as a legisla-
tive advisory committee and shall not be 
subject to the provisions of the Federal Advi-
sory Committee Act (Public Law 92–463; 5 
U.S.C. App) or section 552b, United States 
Code (commonly known as the Government 
in the Sunshine Act). 
(n) CONTRACTING
AUTHORITY.—The Com-
mission may acquire administrative supplies 
and equipment for Commission use to the ex-
tent funds are available. 
(o) USE OF GOVERNMENT INFORMATION.—The 
Commission may secure directly from any 
department or agency of the Federal Govern-
ment such information as the Commission 
considers necessary to carry out its duties. 
Upon such request of the chair of the Com-
mission, the head of such department or 
agency shall furnish such information to the 
Commission. 
(p) POSTAL
SERVICES.—The Commission 
may use the United States mail in the same 
manner and under the same conditions as de-
partments and agencies of the United States. 
(q) SPACE
FOR USE
OF COMMISSION.—Not 
later than 30 days after the establishment 
date of the Commission, the Administrator 
of General Services, in consultation with the 
Commission, shall identify and make avail-
able suitable excess space within the Federal 
space inventory to house the operations of 
the Commission. If the Administrator is not 
able to make such suitable excess space 
available within such 30-day period, the 
Commission may lease space to the extent 
the funds are available. 
(r) REMOVAL OF MEMBERS.—A member may 
be removed from the Commission for cause 
by the individual serving in the position re-
sponsible for the original appointment of 
such member under subsection (b)(1), pro-
vided that notice has first been provided to 
such member of the cause for removal and 
voted and agreed upon by three quarters of 
the members serving. A vacancy created by 
the removal of a member under this sub-
section shall not affect the powers of the 
Commission, and shall be filled in the same 
manner as the original appointment was 
made. 
(s) TERMINATION.—The Commission shall 
terminate 90 days after the date on which it 
submits the report required by subsection 
(g). 
SEC. 1003. PLAN FOR CONSOLIDATION OF INFOR-
MATION 
TECHNOLOGY 
SYSTEMS 
USED IN THE PLANNING, PROGRAM-
MING, BUDGETING, AND EXECUTION 
PROCESS. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Under Sec-
retary of Defense (Comptroller), in consulta-
tion with the Chief Information Officer and 
the Chief Data Officer, shall submit to the 
congressional defense committees a plan to 
consolidate the information technology (IT) 
systems used to manage data and support 
the planning, programming, budgeting, and 
execution (PPBE) process of the Department 
of Defense. The plan should incorporate 
those systems used by the military depart-
ments as well as those used by the defense- 
wide agencies, and should address the retire-
ment or elimination of such systems. 
Subtitle B—Counterdrug Activities 
SEC. 1011. CODIFICATION AND EXPANSION OF AU-
THORITY FOR JOINT TASK FORCES 
OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE 
TO SUPPORT LAW ENFORCEMENT 
AGENCIES CONDUCTING COUNTER- 
TERRORISM, 
COUNTER-ILLICIT 
TRAFFICKING, 
OR 
COUNTER- 
TRANSNATIONAL ORGANIZED CRIME 
ACTIVITIES. 
(a) CODIFICATION OF SECTION 1022 OF FY 2004 
NDAA.—Chapter 15 of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended by adding at the end a new 
section 285 consisting of— 
(1) a heading as follows: 
‘‘§ 285. Authority for joint task forces to sup-
port law enforcement agencies conducting 
counter-terrorism, 
counter-illicit 
traf-
ficking, or counter-transnational organized 
crime activities’’; and 
(2) a text consisting of the text of section 
1022 of the National Defense Authorization 
Act for Fiscal Year 2004 (10 U.S.C. 271 note). 
(b) AMENDMENTS.—Section 285 of title 10, 
United States Code, as added by subsection 
(a), is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by inserting ‘‘, 
counter-illicit trafficking activities,’’ after 
‘‘counter-terrorism activities’’; 
(2) in subsection (b)— 
(A) by striking ‘‘During fiscal years 2006 
through 2022, funds for drug interdiction’’ 
and inserting ‘‘Funds for drug interdiction’’; 
and 
(B) by inserting ‘‘, counter-illicit traf-
ficking,’’ after ‘‘counter-terrorism’’; 
(3) in subsection (c)— 
(A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), 
by striking ‘‘of each year in which the au-
thority in subsection (a) is in effect’’ and in-
serting ‘‘of each year’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (1)— 
(i) 
by 
inserting 
‘‘counter-illicit 
traf-
ficking,’’ after ‘‘on counter-drug,’’; and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘, counter-illicit traf-
ficking,’’ after ‘‘provide counter-terrorism,’’; 
(4) in subsection (d)— 
(A) in paragraph (2)(A)— 
(i) by inserting ‘‘, counter-illicit traf-
ficking,’’ after ‘‘counter-terrorism’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘significantly’’; 
(B) by striking ‘‘(d) CONDITIONS.—(1)’’ and 
all that follows through ‘‘(2)(A) Support’’ 
and inserting ‘‘(d) CONDITIONS.—(1) Support’’; 
(C) by redesignating subparagraph (B) as 
paragraph (2); and 
(D) in paragraph (2), as so redesignated— 
(i) in the first sentence— 
(I) by striking ‘‘subparagraph (A)’’ and in-
serting ‘‘paragraph (1)’’; and 
(II) by striking ‘‘vital to’’ and inserting 
‘‘in’’; and 
(ii) in the second sentence, by striking 
‘‘the vital’’ and inserting ‘‘the’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00056
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 67-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8599 
November 19, 2021 
(5) by striking subsection (e) and inserting 
the following new subsection (e): 
‘‘(e) DEFINITIONS.—(1) In this section: 
‘‘(A) The term ‘illicit trafficking’ means 
the trafficking of money, human trafficking, 
illicit financial flows, illegal trade in natural 
resources and wildlife, illegal maritime ac-
tivities, or trade in illegal drugs and weap-
ons, whether conducted by a transnational 
criminal organization or a state actor. 
‘‘(B) The term ‘transnational organized 
crime’ has the meaning given such term in 
section 284(i) of this title. 
‘‘(2) For purposes of applying the definition 
of transnational organized crime under para-
graph (1)(B) to this section, the term ‘illegal 
means’, as it appears in such definition, in-
cludes— 
‘‘(A) illicit trafficking; and 
‘‘(B) any other form of illegal means deter-
mined by the Secretary of Defense.’’. 
(c) CONFORMING REPEAL.—Section 1022 of 
the National Defense Authorization Act for 
Fiscal Year 2004 (10 U.S.C. 271 note) is re-
pealed. 
(d) CLERICAL
AMENDMENT.—The table of 
sections at the beginning of chapter 15 of 
such title is amended by adding at the end 
the following new item: 
‘‘285. Authority for joint task forces to sup-
port law enforcement agencies 
conducting 
counter-terrorism, 
counter-illicit 
trafficking, 
or 
counter-transnational 
orga-
nized crime activities.’’. 
SEC. 1012. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY TO SUP-
PORT 
A 
UNIFIED 
COUNTERDRUG 
AND 
COUNTERTERRORISM 
CAM-
PAIGN IN COLOMBIA. 
Section 1021 of the Ronald W. Reagan Na-
tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal 
Year 2005 (Public Law 108–375; 118 Stat. 2042), 
as most recently amended by section 1021 of 
the National Defense Authorization Act for 
Fiscal Year 2020 (Public Law 116–92; 133 Stat. 
1577), is further amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(1), by striking ‘‘2022’’ 
and inserting ‘‘2023’’; and 
(2) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘2022’’ and 
inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
Subtitle C—Naval Vessels 
SEC. 1021. MODIFICATION TO ANNUAL NAVAL 
VESSEL CONSTRUCTION PLAN. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Section 231 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)(2), by adding at the 
end the following new subparagraphs: 
‘‘(G) The expected service life of each ves-
sel in the naval vessel force provided for 
under the naval vessel construction plan, 
disaggregated by ship class, and the ration-
ale for any changes to such expectations 
from the previous year’s plan. 
‘‘(H) A certification by the appropriate 
Senior Technical Authority designated under 
section 8669b of this title of the expected 
service life of each vessel in the naval vessel 
force provided for under the naval vessel con-
struction plan, disaggregated by ship class, 
and the rationale for any changes to such ex-
pectations from the previous year’s plan.’’; 
and 
(2) in subsection (f), by adding at the end 
the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(6) The term ‘expected service life’ means 
the number of years a naval vessel is ex-
pected to be in service.’’. 
(b) REPEAL
OF
TERMINATION
OF
ANNUAL 
NAVAL VESSEL CONSTRUCTION PLAN.—Section 
1061(c) of the National Defense Authorization 
Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 
10 U.S.C. 111 note) is amended by striking 
paragraph (15). 
SEC. 1022. NAVY BATTLE FORCE SHIP ASSESS-
MENT AND REQUIREMENT REPORT-
ING. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Chapter 863 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by redesignating the second section 
8692, as added by section 1026 of the William 
M. (Mac) Thornberry National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2021 (Public 
Law 116–283), as section 8693; and 
(2) by inserting after section 8693, as redes-
ignated by paragraph (1), the following new 
section: 
‘‘§ 8694. Navy battle force ship assessment 
and requirement reporting 
‘‘(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 180 days 
after the date on which a covered event oc-
curs, the Chief of Naval Operations shall sub-
mit to the congressional defense committees 
a battle force ship assessment and require-
ment. 
‘‘(b) ASSESSMENT.—Each assessment re-
quired by subsection (a) shall include the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(1) A review of the strategic guidance of 
the Federal Government, the Department of 
Defense, and the Navy for identifying prior-
ities, missions, objectives, and principles, in 
effect as of the date on which the assessment 
is submitted, that the force structure of the 
Navy must follow. 
‘‘(2) An identification of the steady-state 
demand for maritime security and security 
force assistance activities. 
‘‘(3) An identification of the force options 
that can satisfy the steady-state demands 
for activities required by theater campaign 
plans of combatant commanders. 
‘‘(4) A force optimization analysis that pro-
duces a day-to-day global posture required to 
accomplish peacetime and steady-state tasks 
assigned by combatant commanders. 
‘‘(5) A modeling of the ability of the force 
to fight and win scenarios approved by the 
Department of Defense. 
‘‘(6) A calculation of the number and global 
posture of each force element required to 
meet steady-state presence demands and 
warfighting response timelines. 
‘‘(c) REQUIREMENT.—(1) Each requirement 
required by subsection (a) shall— 
‘‘(A) be based on the assessment required 
by subsection (b); and 
‘‘(B) identify, for each of the fiscal years 
that are five, 10, 15, 20, 25, and 30 years from 
the date of the covered event— 
‘‘(i) the total number of battle force ships 
required; 
‘‘(ii) the number of battle force ships re-
quired in each of the categories described in 
paragraph (2); 
‘‘(iii) the classes of battle ships included in 
each of the categories described in paragraph 
(2); and 
‘‘(iv) the number of battle force ships re-
quired in each such class. 
‘‘(2) The categories described in this para-
graph are the following: 
‘‘(A) Aircraft carriers. 
‘‘(B) Large surface combatants. 
‘‘(C) Small surface combatants. 
‘‘(D) Amphibious warfare ships. 
‘‘(E) Attack submarines. 
‘‘(F) Ballistic missile submarines. 
‘‘(G) Combat logistics force. 
‘‘(H) Expeditionary fast transport. 
‘‘(I) Expeditionary support base. 
‘‘(J) Command and support. 
‘‘(K) Other. 
‘‘(d) DEFINITIONS.—In this section: 
‘‘(1) The term ‘battle force ship’ means the 
following: 
‘‘(A) A commissioned United States Ship 
warship capable of contributing to combat 
operations. 
‘‘(B) A United States Naval Ship that con-
tributes directly to Navy warfighting or sup-
port missions. 
‘‘(2) The term ‘covered event’ means a sig-
nificant change to any of the following: 
‘‘(A) Strategic guidance that results in 
changes 
to 
theater 
campaign 
plans 
or 
warfighting scenarios. 
‘‘(B) Strategic construction of vessels or 
aircraft that affects sustainable peacetime 
presence or warfighting response timelines. 
‘‘(C) Operating concepts, including employ-
ment cycles, crewing constructs, or oper-
ational tempo limits, that affect peacetime 
presence or warfighting response timelines. 
‘‘(D) Assigned missions that affect the type 
or quantity of force elements.’’. 
(b) CLERICAL
AMENDMENT.—The table of 
sections at the beginning of chapter 863 of 
such title is amended by striking the item 
relating to the second section 8692 and in-
serting the following new items: 
‘‘8693. Biennial report on shipbuilder training 
and the defense industrial base. 
‘‘8694. Navy battle force ship assessment and 
requirement reporting.’’. 
(c) BASELINE
ASSESSMENT
AND
REQUIRE-
MENT REQUIRED.—The date that is 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act is 
deemed to be a covered event for the pur-
poses of establishing a baseline battle force 
ship assessment and requirement under sec-
tion 8694 of title 10, United States Code, as 
added by subsection (a). 
Subtitle D—Counterterrorism 
SEC. 1031. EXTENSION OF PROHIBITION ON USE 
OF FUNDS FOR TRANSFER OR RE-
LEASE OF INDIVIDUALS DETAINED 
AT UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, 
GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA, TO THE 
UNITED STATES. 
Section 1033 of the John S. McCain Na-
tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal 
Year 2019 (Public Law 115–232; 132 Stat. 1953), 
as most recently amended by section 1041 of 
the William M. (Mac) Thornberry National 
Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 
2021 (Public Law 116–283), is further amended 
by striking ‘‘December 31, 2021’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘December 31, 2022’’. 
SEC. 1032. EXTENSION OF PROHIBITION ON USE 
OF FUNDS TO CONSTRUCT OR MOD-
IFY 
FACILITIES 
IN 
THE 
UNITED 
STATES 
TO 
HOUSE 
DETAINEES 
TRANSFERRED 
FROM 
UNITED 
STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTA-
NAMO BAY, CUBA. 
Section 1034(a) of the John S. McCain Na-
tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal 
Year 2019 (Public Law 115–232; 132 Stat. 1954), 
as most recently amended by section 1042 of 
the William M. (Mac) Thornberry National 
Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 
2021 (Public Law 116–283), is further amended 
by striking ‘‘December 31, 2021’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘December 31, 2022’’. 
SEC. 1033. EXTENSION OF PROHIBITION ON USE 
OF FUNDS FOR TRANSFER OR RE-
LEASE OF INDIVIDUALS DETAINED 
AT UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, 
GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA, TO CER-
TAIN COUNTRIES. 
Section 1035 of the John S. McCain Na-
tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal 
Year 2019 (Public Law 115–232; 132 Stat. 1954), 
as most recently amended by section 1043 of 
the William M. (Mac) Thornberry National 
Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 
2021 (Public Law 116–283), is further amended 
by striking ‘‘December 31, 2021’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘December 31, 2022’’. 
SEC. 1034. EXTENSION OF PROHIBITION ON USE 
OF FUNDS TO CLOSE OR RELIN-
QUISH CONTROL OF UNITED STATES 
NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, 
CUBA. 
Section 1036 of the National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public 
Law 115–91; 131 Stat. 1551), as most recently 
amended by section 1044 of the William M. 
(Mac) Thornberry National Defense Author-
ization Act for Fiscal Year 2021 (Public Law 
116–283), is further amended by striking ‘‘fis-
cal years 2018 through 2021’’ and inserting 
‘‘any of fiscal years 2018 through 2022’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00057
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 68-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8600 
November 19, 2021 
SEC. 1035. REPORT ON MEDICAL CARE PROVIDED 
TO DETAINEES AT UNITED STATES 
NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, 
CUBA. 
(a) REPORT.—Not later than 120 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the 
Chief Medical Officer of United States Naval 
Station, Guantanamo Bay (in this section re-
ferred to as the ‘‘Chief Medical Officer’’), 
shall submit to the Committees on Armed 
Services of the Senate and the House of Rep-
resentatives a report on the provision of 
medical care to individuals detained at 
Guantanamo. 
(b) ELEMENTS.—The report required by sub-
section (a) shall include the following: 
(1) An assessment of the quality of medical 
care provided to individuals detained at 
Guantanamo, including whether such care 
meets applicable standards of care. 
(2) A description of the medical facilities 
and resources at United States Naval Sta-
tion, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, available to 
individuals detained at Guantanamo. 
(3) A description of the medical facilities 
and resources not at United States Naval 
Station, Guantanamo Bay, that would be 
made available to individuals detained at 
Guantanamo as necessary to meet applicable 
standards of care. 
(4) A description of the range of medical 
conditions experienced by individuals de-
tained at Guantanamo as of the date on 
which the report is submitted. 
(5) A description of the range of medical 
conditions likely to be experienced by indi-
viduals detained at Guantanamo, given the 
medical conditions of such individuals as of 
the date on which the report is submitted 
and the likely effects of aging. 
(6) An assessment of any gaps between— 
(A) the medical facilities and resources de-
scribed in paragraphs (2) and (3); and 
(B) the medical facilities and resources re-
quired to provide medical care necessary to 
meet applicable standards of care for the 
medical conditions described in paragraphs 
(4) and (5). 
(7) The plan of the Chief Medical Officer to 
address the gaps described in paragraph (6), 
including the estimated costs associated 
with addressing such gaps. 
(8) An assessment of whether the Chief 
Medical Officer has secured from the Depart-
ment of Defense access to individuals, infor-
mation, or other assistance that the Chief 
Medical Officer considers necessary to enable 
the Chief Medical Officer to carry out the 
Chief Medical Officer’s duties, including full 
and expeditious access to the following: 
(A) Any individual detained at Guanta-
namo. 
(B) Any medical records of any individual 
detained at Guantanamo. 
(C) Medical professionals of the Depart-
ment who are working, or have worked, at 
United States Naval Station, Guantanamo 
Bay. 
(c) FORM OF REPORT.—The report required 
by subsection (a) shall be submitted in clas-
sified form. 
(d) DEFINITIONS.—In this section, the terms 
‘‘individual 
detained 
at 
Guantanamo’’, 
‘‘medical care’’, and ‘‘standard of care’’ have 
the meanings given those terms in section 
1046(e) of the National Defense Authorization 
Act for Fiscal Year 2020 (Public Law 116–92; 
133 Stat. 1586; 10 U.S.C. 801 note). 
Subtitle E—Miscellaneous Authorities and 
Limitations 
SEC. 1041. NOTIFICATION OF SIGNIFICANT ARMY 
FORCE STRUCTURE CHANGES. 
(a) NOTICE REQUIREMENTS.—No irrevocable 
action may be taken to implement a signifi-
cant change to Army force structure, includ-
ing the temporary establishment or sta-
tioning of a new or experimental unit of sig-
nificance, or to announce such a change, 
until the Secretary of Defense or the Sec-
retary of the Army submits to the congres-
sional defense committees written notifica-
tion of the plan, including— 
(1) details and timing of the planned 
change; 
(2) justification for the planned change; 
and 
(3) the estimated costs and implications of 
the planned change. 
(b) EXCEPTION.—The notification require-
ment under subsection (a) does not apply if 
the Secretary of Defense certifies to the con-
gressional defense committees in advance 
that the planned Army force structure 
change must be implemented immediately 
for reasons of national security or military 
emergency. 
(c) DEFINITION.—In this section, the term 
‘‘significant change to Army force struc-
ture’’ means— 
(1) a change in the number, type, or compo-
nent of brigade-level organizations or high-
er-echelon headquarters; 
(2) a change in the number or component of 
a high-interest capability such as THAAD or 
hypersonic weapon battery; or 
(3) an increase or decrease of 1,000 or more 
military and or civilian personnel from a 
military function or specialty. 
SEC. 1042. EXTENSION OF ADMISSION TO GUAM 
OR THE COMMONWEALTH OF THE 
NORTHERN MARIANA ISLANDS FOR 
CERTAIN 
NONIMMIGRANT 
H–2B 
WORKERS. 
Section 6(b)(1)(B) of the Joint Resolution 
entitled ‘‘A Joint Resolution to approve the 
‘Covenant to Establish a Commonwealth of 
the Northern Mariana Islands in Political 
Union with the United States of America’, 
and for other purposes’’, approved March 24, 
1976 (48 U.S.C. 1806(b)(1)(B)), is amended by 
striking ‘‘December 31, 2023’’ and inserting 
‘‘December 31, 2029’’. 
Subtitle F—Studies and Reports 
SEC. 1051. REPORT ON IMPLEMENTATION OF IR-
REGULAR WARFARE STRATEGY. 
(a) REPORT.—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of enactment of this Act, and annu-
ally thereafter through fiscal year 2027, the 
Secretary of Defense shall submit to the con-
gressional defense committees a report on 
the activities and programs of the Depart-
ment of Defense to implement the irregular 
warfare strategy consistent with the 2019 
Annex to the National Defense Strategy. 
(b) ELEMENTS OF REPORT.—The report re-
quired by section (a) shall include the fol-
lowing elements: 
(1) A description and assessment of efforts 
to institutionalize the approach of the De-
partment of Defense to irregular warfare and 
maintain a baseline of capabilities and ex-
pertise in irregular warfare in both conven-
tional and special operations forces, includ-
ing efforts to— 
(A) institutionalize irregular warfare in 
force development and design; 
(B) transform the approach of the Depart-
ment of Defense to prioritize investments in 
and development of human capital for irreg-
ular warfare; 
(C) ensure an approach to irregular warfare 
that is agile, efficient, and effective by in-
vesting in and developing capabilities in a 
cost-informed and resource-sustainable man-
ner; and 
(D) integrate irregular warfare approaches 
into operational plans and warfighting con-
cepts for competition, crisis, and conflict. 
(2) A description and assessment of efforts 
to operationalize the approach of the Depart-
ment of Defense to irregular warfare to meet 
the full range of challenges posed by adver-
saries and competitors, including efforts to— 
(A) execute proactive, enduring campaigns 
using irregular warfare capabilities to con-
trol the tempo of competition, shape the en-
vironment, and increase the cost of hos-
tilities against the United States and its al-
lies; 
(B) adopt a resource-sustainable approach 
to countering violent extremist organiza-
tions and consolidating gains against the en-
during threat from these organizations; 
(C) improve the ability of the Department 
of Defense to understand and operate within 
the networked, contested, and multi-domain 
environment in which adversaries and com-
petitors operate; 
(D) foster and sustain unified action in ir-
regular warfare including through collabora-
tion and support of interagency partners in 
the formulation of assessments, plans, and 
the conduct of operations; and 
(E) expand networks of allies and partners, 
including for the purpose of increasing the 
ability and willingness of allies and partners 
to defend their sovereignty, contribute to co-
alition operations, and advance common se-
curity initiatives. 
(3) A description of the status of the plan, 
to be produced by the Assistant Secretary of 
Defense for Special Operations and Low-In-
tensity Conflict and the Chairman of the 
Joint Chiefs of Staff, in coordination with 
the Combatant Commands and Services, to 
implement the objectives described in the 
2019 Irregular Warfare Annex to the National 
Defense Strategy, and a description of efforts 
by the Components of the Department of De-
fense to expeditiously implement this plan, 
including the allocation of resources to im-
plement the plan. 
(4) An assessment by the Secretary of De-
fense of the resources, plans, and authorities 
required to establish and sustain irregular 
warfare as a fully-integrated core com-
petency for the Joint Forces. 
(c) FORM.—The report required by section 
(a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, 
but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 1052. OPTIMIZATION OF IRREGULAR WAR-
FARE TECHNICAL SUPPORT DIREC-
TORATE. 
(a) PLAN REQUIRED.— 
(1) IN
GENERAL.—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Spe-
cial Operations and Low Intensity Conflict 
shall submit to the congressional defense 
committees a plan for improving the support 
provided by the Irregular Warfare Technical 
Support Directorate to meet military re-
quirements. 
(2) ELEMENTS.—The report required by 
paragraph (1) shall include the following: 
(A) Specific actions to— 
(i) ensure adequate focus on rapid fielding 
of required capabilities; 
(ii) improve metrics and methods for 
tracking projects that have transitioned into 
programs of record; and 
(iii) minimize overlap with other research, 
development, and acquisition efforts. 
(B) Such other matters as the Assistant 
Secretary of Defense for Special Operations 
and Low Intensity Conflict considers rel-
evant. 
(b) DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE INSTRUCTION 
REQUIRED.—Not later than 270 days after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, the Assist-
ant Secretary of Defense for Special Oper-
ations and Low Intensity Conflict, in coordi-
nation with the Under Secretary of Defense 
for Research and Engineering, the Under 
Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and 
Sustainment, and the Secretaries of the 
military departments, shall publish an up-
dated Department of Defense Instruction in 
order to— 
(1) define the objectives, organization, mis-
sion, customer base, and role of the Irregular 
Warfare Technical Support Directorate; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00058
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 69-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8601 
November 19, 2021 
(2) ensure coordination with external pro-
gram managers assigned to the military de-
partments and the United States Special Op-
erations Command; 
(3) facilitate adequate oversight by the As-
sistant Secretary of Defense for Special Op-
erations and Low Intensity Conflict, the 
Under Secretary of Defense for Research and 
Engineering, and the Under Secretary of De-
fense for Acquisition and Sustainment; and 
(4) address such other matters as the the 
Assistant Secretary of Defense for Special 
Operations and Low Intensity Conflict con-
siders relevant. 
SEC. 1053. QUARTERLY BRIEFINGS ON ANOMA-
LOUS HEALTH INCIDENTS. 
(a) BRIEFINGS REQUIRED.—Not later than 90 
days after the date of the enactment of this 
Act, and every 90 days thereafter for two 
years, the Secretary of Defense shall brief 
the congressional defense committees on ef-
forts of the Department of Defense to ad-
dress anomalous health incidents. 
(b) ELEMENTS.—Each briefing required by 
subsection (a) shall include the following: 
(1) An explanation of efforts of the Depart-
ment to investigate, attribute, and mitigate 
the cause of anomalous health incidents, in-
cluding any additional resources or authori-
ties necessary to enhance such efforts. 
(2) A description of the process used to en-
sure timely assessment and treatment of 
United States Government personnel who 
have suffered from an anomalous health inci-
dent, including any additional resources or 
authorities necessary to ensure adequate 
care for such personnel and their families. 
(3) An articulation of efforts— 
(A) to improve training of personnel most 
at risk of experiencing anomalous health in-
cidents; and 
(B) to encourage reporting of such inci-
dents when they occur. 
(4) Such other matters as the Secretary 
considers relevant. 
Subtitle G—Other Matters 
SEC. 1061. COMMISSION ON THE NATIONAL DE-
FENSE STRATEGY. 
(a) ESTABLISHMENT.— 
(1) IN
GENERAL.—There is hereby estab-
lished, as of the date specified in paragraph 
(2), an independent commission in the legis-
lative branch to be known as the Commis-
sion on the National Defense Strategy for 
the United States (in this subtitle referred to 
as the ‘‘Commission’’). 
(2) DATE OF ESTABLISHMENT.—The date of 
establishment referred to in paragraph (1) is 
the date that is not later than 30 days after 
the date on which the Secretary of Defense 
provides a national defense strategy as re-
quired by section 113(g) of title 10, United 
States Code. 
(b) MEMBERSHIP.— 
(1) NUMBER AND APPOINTMENT.—The Com-
mission shall be composed of 12 members 
from private civilian life who are recognized 
experts in matters relating to the national 
security of the United States. The members 
shall be appointed as follows: 
(A) The Chair of the Committee on Armed 
Services of the Senate shall appoint 3 mem-
bers. 
(B) The Ranking Member of the Committee 
on Armed Services of the Senate shall ap-
point 3 members. 
(C) The Chair of the Committee on Armed 
Services of the House of Representatives 
shall appoint 3 members. 
(D) The Ranking Member of the Com-
mittee on Armed Services of the House of 
Representatives shall appoint 3 members. 
(2) DEADLINE FOR APPOINTMENT.—Members 
shall be appointed to the Commission under 
paragraph (1) not later than 45 days after the 
Commission establishment date specified 
under subsection (a)(2). 
(3) EFFECT OF LACK OF APPOINTMENT BY AP-
POINTMENT
DATE.—If one or more appoint-
ments under paragraph (1) is not made by 
the appointment date specified in paragraph 
(2), the authority to make such appointment 
or appointments shall expire, and the num-
ber of members of the Commission shall be 
reduced by the number equal to the number 
of appointments so not made. 
(c) CHAIR AND VICE CHAIR.— 
(1) CHAIR.—The Chair of the Committee on 
Armed Services of the Senate and the Chair 
of the Committee on Armed Services of the 
House of Representatives shall jointly des-
ignate 1 member of the Commission to serve 
as Chair of the Commission. 
(2) VICE
CHAIR.—The Ranking Member of 
the Committee on Armed Services of the 
Senate and the Ranking Member of the Com-
mittee on Armed Services of the House of 
Representatives shall jointly designate 1 
member of the Commission to serve as Vice 
Chair of the Commission. 
(d) PERIOD
OF APPOINTMENT
AND VACAN-
CIES.—Members shall be appointed for the 
life of the Commission. A vacancy in the 
Commission shall not affect its powers, and 
shall be filled in the same manner as the 
original appointment was made. 
(e) PURPOSE.—The purpose of the Commis-
sion is to examine and make recommenda-
tions with respect to the national defense 
strategy for the United States. 
(f) SCOPE AND DUTIES.—In order to provide 
the fullest understanding of the matters re-
quired under subsection (e), the Commission 
shall perform the following duties: 
(1) NATIONAL DEFENSE STRATEGY REVIEW.— 
The Commission shall review the most re-
cent national defense strategy of the United 
States including the assumptions, strategic 
objectives, priority missions, major invest-
ments in defense capabilities, force posture 
and structure, operational concepts, and 
strategic and military risks associated with 
the strategy. 
(2) ASSESSMENT.—The Commission shall 
conduct a comprehensive assessment of the 
strategic environment to include the threats 
to the national security of the United 
States, including both traditional and non- 
traditional threats, the size and shape of the 
force, the readiness of the force, the posture, 
structure, and capabilities of the force, allo-
cation of resources, and the strategic and 
military risks in order to provide rec-
ommendations on the national defense strat-
egy for the United States. 
(g) COMMISSION REPORT AND RECOMMENDA-
TIONS.— 
(1) REPORT.—Not later than one year after 
the Commission establishment date specified 
under subsection (a)(2), the Commission 
shall transmit to the President and Congress 
a report containing the review and assess-
ment conducted under subsection (f), to-
gether with any recommendations of the 
Commission. The report shall include the 
following elements: 
(A) An appraisal of the strategic environ-
ment, including an examination of the tradi-
tional and non-traditional threats to the 
United States, and the potential for conflicts 
arising from such threats and security chal-
lenges. 
(B) An evaluation of the strategic objec-
tives of the Department of Defense for near- 
peer competition in support of the national 
security interests of the United States. 
(C) A review of the military missions for 
which the Department of Defense should pre-
pare, including missions that support the 
interagency 
and 
a 
whole-of-government 
strategy. 
(D) 
Identification 
of 
any 
gaps 
or 
redundancies in the roles and missions as-
signed to the Armed Forces necessary to 
carry out military missions identified in 
subparagraph (C), as well as the roles and ca-
pabilities provided by other Federal agencies 
and by allies and international partners. 
(E) An assessment of how the national de-
fense strategy leverages other elements of 
national power across the interagency to 
counter near-peer competitors. 
(F) An evaluation of the resources nec-
essary to support the strategy, including 
budget recommendations. 
(G) An examination of the Department’s 
efforts to develop new and innovative oper-
ational concepts to enable the United States 
to more effectively counter near-peer com-
petitors. 
(H) An analysis of the force planning con-
struct, including— 
(i) the size and shape of the force; 
(ii) the posture, structure, and capabilities 
of the force; 
(iii) the readiness of the force; 
(iv) infrastructure and organizational ad-
justments to the force; 
(v) modifications to personnel require-
ments, including professional military edu-
cation; and 
(vi) other elements of the defense program 
necessary to support the strategy. 
(I) An assessment of the risks associated 
with the strategy, including the relation-
ships and tradeoffs between missions, risks, 
and resources. 
(J) Any other elements the Commission 
considers appropriate. 
(2) INTERIM BRIEFINGS.— 
(A) Not later than 180 days after the Com-
mission establishment date specified in sub-
section (a)(2), the Commission shall provide 
to the Committees on Armed Services of the 
Senate and the House of Representatives a 
briefing on the status of its review and as-
sessment to include a discussion of any in-
terim recommendations. 
(B) At the request of the Chair and Rank-
ing Member of the Committee on Armed 
Services of the Senate, or the Chair and 
Ranking Member of the Committee on 
Armed Services of the House of Representa-
tives, the Commission shall provide the re-
questing Committee with interim briefings 
in addition to the briefing required by sub-
paragraph (2)(A). 
(3) FORM.—The report submitted to Con-
gress under paragraph (1) of this subsection 
shall be submitted in unclassified form, but 
may include a classified annex. 
(h) GOVERNMENT COOPERATION.— 
(1) COOPERATION.—In carrying out its du-
ties, the Commission shall receive the full 
and timely cooperation of the Secretary of 
Defense in providing the Commission with 
analysis, briefings, and other information 
necessary for the fulfillment of its respon-
sibilities. 
(2) LIAISON.—The Secretary shall designate 
at least 1 officer or employee of the Depart-
ment of Defense to serve as a liaison officer 
between the Department and the Commis-
sion. 
(3) DETAILEES AUTHORIZED.—The Secretary 
may provide, and the commission may ac-
cept and employ, personnel detailed from the 
Department of Defense, without reimburse-
ment. 
(4) FACILITATION.— 
(A) INDEPENDENT, NON-GOVERNMENT
INSTI-
TUTE.—Not later than 45 days after the Com-
mission establishment date specified in sub-
paragraph (a)(2), the Secretary of Defense 
shall make available to the Commission the 
services of an independent, non-govern-
mental 
institute 
described 
in 
section 
501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, 
and exempt from tax under section 501(a) of 
such Code, that has recognized credentials 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00059
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 70-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8602 
November 19, 2021 
and expertise in national security and mili-
tary affairs in order to facilitate the Com-
mission’s discharge of its duties under this 
section. 
(B) FEDERALLY FUNDED RESEARCH AND DE-
VELOPMENT CENTER.—On request of the Com-
mission, the Secretary of Defense shall make 
available the services of a federally funded 
research and development center that is cov-
ered by a sponsoring agreement of the De-
partment of Defense in order to enhance the 
Commission’s efforts to discharge its duties 
under this section. 
(5) EXPEDITION OF SECURITY CLEARANCES.— 
The Office of Senate Security and the Office 
of House Security shall ensure the expedited 
processing of appropriate security clearances 
for personnel appointed to the commission 
by their respective Senate and House offices 
under processes developed for the clearance 
of legislative branch employees. 
(i) STAFF.— 
(1) STATUS AS FEDERAL EMPLOYEES.—Not-
withstanding the requirements of section 
2105 of title 5, United States Code, including 
the required supervision under subsection 
(a)(3) of such section, the members of the 
commission shall be deemed to be Federal 
employees. 
(2) EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR.—The Commission 
shall appoint and fix the rate of basic pay for 
an Executive Director in accordance with 
section 3161(d) of title 5, United States Code. 
(3) PAY.—The Executive Director, with the 
approval of the Commission, may appoint 
and fix the rate of basic pay for additional 
personnel as staff of the Commission in ac-
cordance with section 3161(d) of title 5, 
United States Code. 
(j) PERSONAL SERVICES.— 
(1) AUTHORITY TO PROCURE.—The Commis-
sion may— 
(A) procure the services of experts or con-
sultants (or of organizations of experts or 
consultants) in accordance with the provi-
sions of section 3109 of title 5, United States 
Code; and 
(B) pay in connection with such services 
travel expenses of individuals, including 
transportation and per diem in lieu of sub-
sistence, while such individuals are traveling 
from their homes or places of business to 
duty stations. 
(2) MAXIMUM DAILY PAY RATES.—The daily 
rate paid an expert or consultant procured 
pursuant to paragraph (1) may not exceed 
the daily rate paid a person occupying a po-
sition at level IV of the Executive Schedule 
under section 5315 of title 5, United States 
Code. 
(k) AUTHORITY
TO
ACCEPT
GIFTS.—The 
Commission may accept, use, and dispose of 
gifts or donations of services, goods, and 
property from non-Federal entities for the 
purposes of aiding and facilitating the work 
of the Commission. The authority in this 
subsection does not extend to gifts of money. 
Gifts accepted under this authority shall be 
documented, and conflicts of interest or the 
appearance of conflicts of interest shall be 
avoided. Subject to the authority in this sec-
tion, commissioners shall otherwise comply 
with rules set forth by the Select Committee 
on Ethics of the United States Senate and 
the Committee on Ethics of the House of 
Representatives governing Senate and House 
employees. 
(l) FUNDING.—Of the amounts authorized to 
be appropriated by this act for fiscal year 
2022 for the Department of Defense, up to 
$5,000,000 shall be made available to the Com-
mission to carry out its duties under this 
subtitle. Funds made available to the Com-
mission under the preceding sentence shall 
remain available until expended. 
(m) LEGISLATIVE ADVISORY COMMITTEE.— 
The Commission shall operate as a legisla-
tive advisory committee and shall not be 
subject to the provisions of the Federal Advi-
sory Committee Act (Public Law 92–463; 5 
U.S.C. App) or section 552b, United States 
Code (commonly known as the Government 
in the Sunshine Act). 
(n) CONTRACTING
AUTHORITY.—The Com-
mission may acquire administrative supplies 
and equipment for Commission use to the ex-
tent funds are available. 
(o) USE OF GOVERNMENT INFORMATION.—The 
Commission may secure directly from any 
department or agency of the Federal Govern-
ment such information as the Commission 
considers necessary to carry out its duties. 
Upon such request of the chair of the Com-
mission, the head of such department or 
agency shall furnish such information to the 
Commission. 
(p) POSTAL
SERVICES.—The Commission 
may use the United States mail in the same 
manner and under the same conditions as de-
partments and agencies of the United States. 
(q) SPACE
FOR USE
OF COMMISSION.—Not 
later than 30 days after the establishment 
date of the Commission, the Administrator 
of General Services, in consultation with the 
Commission, shall identify and make avail-
able suitable excess space within the Federal 
space inventory to house the operations of 
the Commission. If the Administrator is not 
able to make such suitable excess space 
available within such 30-day period, the 
Commission may lease space to the extent 
the funds are available. 
(r) REMOVAL OF MEMBERS.—A member may 
be removed from the commission for cause 
by the individual serving in the position re-
sponsible for the original appointment of 
such member under subsection (b)(1), pro-
vided that notice has first been provided to 
such member of the cause for removal, voted 
and agreed upon by three quarters of the 
members serving. A vacancy created by the 
removal of a member under this section shall 
not affect the powers of the commission, and 
shall be filled in the same manner as the 
original appointment was made. 
(s) TERMINATION.—The Commission shall 
terminate 90 days after the date on which it 
submits the report required by subsection 
(g). 
SEC. 1062. ASSESSMENT OF REQUIREMENTS FOR 
AND 
MANAGEMENT 
OF 
ARMY 
THREE-DIMENSIONAL 
TERRAIN 
DATA. 
(a) JOINT
ASSESSMENTS
AND
DETERMINA-
TIONS.—The Vice Chairman of the Joint 
Chiefs of Staff, the Under Secretary of De-
fense for Intelligence and Security, and the 
Secretary of the Army, in consultation with 
other appropriate Department of Defense of-
ficials, shall jointly— 
(1) assess joint force requirements for 
three-dimensional terrain data to achieve 
Combined Joint All-Domain Command and 
Control (CJADC2), including the use of such 
data for Multi-Domain Operations’— 
(A) training; 
(B) planning; 
(C) mission rehearsal; 
(D) operations; 
(E) after action review; 
(F) intelligence, including geolocation sup-
port to intelligence collection systems; 
(G) targeting; and 
(H) modeling and simulation; 
(2) determine whether One World Terrain 
three-dimensional geospatial data meets the 
accuracy, resolution, and currency required 
for precision targeting; and 
(3) determine the optimum management 
and joint funding structure for the collec-
tion, production, storage, and consumption 
of three-dimensional terrain data, including 
consideration of— 
(A) designating the Army as the Executive 
Agent for warfighter collection, production 
and 
consumption 
of 
three-dimensional 
geospatial content at the point-of-need; and 
(B) designating the National Geospatial In-
telligence Agency as Executive Agent for 
three-dimensional data validation and cer-
tification, enterprise storage and retrieval, 
joint three-dimensional data functions, and 
foundational three-dimensional geospatial 
intelligence; 
(C) 
establishing 
governance 
structures 
across the military departments and the Na-
tional Geospatial Intelligence Agency for the 
procurement and production of three-dimen-
sional terrain data from commercial sources; 
and 
(D) establishing three-dimensional One 
World Terrain as a program of record. 
(b) ARMY MANAGEMENT CONSIDERATIONS.—If 
the Vice Chairman, the Under Secretary, and 
the Secretary of the Army determine that 
the Army should serve as the Executive 
Agent for Department of Defense three-di-
mensional terrain data, the Secretary shall 
determine the respective roles of the Army 
Acquisition Executive, including the Pro-
gram Executive Officers for Simulation, 
Training, and Instrumentation and Intel-
ligence, Electronic Warfare and Sensors, and 
the Army’s Geographic Information Officer 
and Geospatial Center (AGC). 
(c) ADDITIONAL
ARMY
DETERMINATIONS.— 
The Secretary of the Army shall determine 
whether operational use of the Integrated 
Visual Augmentation System, and Army in-
telligence and mission command systems, re-
quire three-dimensional One World Terrain 
data for assigned operational missions, in-
cluding targeting. 
(d) BRIEFING REQUIRED.—Not later than 180 
days after the date of the enactment of this 
Act, the Vice Chairman, the Under Sec-
retary, and the Secretary of the Army shall 
complete the assessments and determina-
tions required by this section and provide a 
briefing to the congressional defense com-
mittees on such assessments and determina-
tions. 
SEC. 1063. MODIFICATION TO REGIONAL CEN-
TERS FOR SECURITY STUDIES. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Section 342(b)(2) of title 
10, United States Code, is amended by adding 
at the end the following new subparagraph: 
‘‘(F) The Ted Stevens Center for Arctic Se-
curity Studies.’’. 
(b) ACCEPTANCE OF GIFTS AND DONATIONS.— 
Section 2611(a)(2) of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended by adding at the end the 
following new subparagraph: 
‘‘(F) The Ted Stevens Center for Arctic Se-
curity Studies.’’. 
TITLE XI—CIVILIAN PERSONNEL 
MATTERS 
SEC. 1101. CIVILIAN PERSONNEL MANAGEMENT. 
Section 129(a) of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘pri-
marily on the basis of and consistent with’’ 
and inserting ‘‘according to’’; and 
(2) by striking the second sentence. 
SEC. 1102. CONSIDERATION OF EMPLOYEE PER-
FORMANCE 
IN 
REDUCTIONS 
IN 
FORCE FOR CIVILIAN POSITIONS IN 
THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
Section 1597(e) title 10, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) by striking the subsection heading and 
inserting ‘‘CONSIDERATION OF EMPLOYEE PER-
FORMANCE IN REDUCTIONS’’; and 
(2) by striking ‘‘be made primarily on the 
basis of’’ and inserting ‘‘, among other fac-
tors as determined by the Secretary, account 
for employee’’. 
SEC. 1103. ENHANCEMENT OF RECUSAL FOR CON-
FLICTS OF PERSONAL INTEREST RE-
QUIREMENTS FOR DEPARTMENT OF 
DEFENSE OFFICERS AND EMPLOY-
EES. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—In addition to the prohi-
bition set forth in section 208 of title 18, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00060
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 71-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8603 
November 19, 2021 
United States Code, an officer or employee of 
the Department of Defense may not partici-
pate personally and substantially in any cov-
ered matter that the officer or employee 
knows, or reasonably should know, is likely 
to have a direct and predictable effect on the 
financial interests of— 
(1) any organization, including a trade or-
ganization, for which the officer or employee 
has served as an employee, officer, director, 
trustee, or general partner in the past 4 
years; 
(2) a former direct competitor or client of 
any organization for which the officer or em-
ployee has served as an employee, officer, di-
rector, trustee, or general partner in the 
past 4 years; or 
(3) any employer with whom the officer or 
employee is seeking employment. 
(b) CONSTRUCTION.—Nothing in this section 
shall be construed to terminate, alter, or 
make inapplicable any other prohibition or 
limitation in law or regulation on the par-
ticipation of officers or employees of the De-
partment of Defense in covered matters hav-
ing an effect on their or related financial or 
other personal interests. 
(c) COVERED MATTER DEFINED.—In this sec-
tion, the term ‘‘covered matter’’— 
(1) means any matter that involves delib-
eration, decision, or action that is focused 
upon the interests of a specific person or a 
discrete and identifiable class of persons; and 
(2) includes policymaking that is narrowly 
focused on the interests of a discrete and 
identifiable class of persons. 
SEC. 1104. AUTHORITY TO EMPLOY CIVILIAN FAC-
ULTY MEMBERS AT THE DEFENSE 
INSTITUTE 
OF 
INTERNATIONAL 
LEGAL STUDIES. 
Section 1595(c) of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended by adding at the end the 
following new paragraph: 
‘‘(6) The Defense Institute of International 
Legal Studies.’’. 
SEC. 1105. EXTENSION OF TEMPORARY INCREASE 
IN 
MAXIMUM 
AMOUNT 
OF 
VOL-
UNTARY 
SEPARATION 
INCENTIVE 
PAY AUTHORIZED FOR CIVILIAN EM-
PLOYEES OF THE DEPARTMENT OF 
DEFENSE. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Section 1107 of the Na-
tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal 
Year 2017 (5 U.S.C. 9902 note) is amended by 
striking ‘‘September 30, 2021’’ and inserting 
‘‘September 30, 2025’’. 
(b) BRIEFINGS.—Not later than December 
31, 2023, and December 31, 2025, the Secretary 
of Defense shall provide a briefing to the 
Committee on Armed Services and the Com-
mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-
mental Affairs of the Senate and the Com-
mittee on Armed Services and the Com-
mittee on Oversight and Reform of the House 
of Representatives including— 
(1) a description of the effect of such sec-
tion 1107 (as amended by subsection (a)) on 
the management of the Department of De-
fense civilian workforce during the most re-
cently ended fiscal year; 
(2) the number of employees offered vol-
untary separation incentive payments dur-
ing such fiscal year by operation of such sec-
tion; and 
(3) the number of such employees that ac-
cepted such payments. 
SEC. 1106. ONE-YEAR EXTENSION OF TEMPORARY 
AUTHORITY 
TO 
GRANT 
ALLOW-
ANCES, BENEFITS, AND GRATUITIES 
TO CIVILIAN PERSONNEL ON OFFI-
CIAL DUTY IN A COMBAT ZONE. 
Paragraph (2) of section 1603(a) of the 
Emergency 
Supplemental 
Appropriations 
Act for Defense, the Global War on Terror, 
and Hurricane Recovery, 2006 (Public Law 
109–234; 120 Stat. 443), as added by section 
1102 of the Duncan Hunter National Defense 
Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Pub-
lic Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4616) and as most 
recently amended by section 1106 of the Wil-
liam M. (Mac) Thornberry National Defense 
Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2021 (Pub-
lic Law 116–283), is further amended by strik-
ing ‘‘2022’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 1107. ONE-YEAR EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY 
TO WAIVE ANNUAL LIMITATION ON 
PREMIUM 
PAY 
AND 
AGGREGATE 
LIMITATION ON PAY FOR FEDERAL 
CIVILIAN 
EMPLOYEES 
WORKING 
OVERSEAS. 
Subsection (a) of section 1101 of the Dun-
can Hunter National Defense Authorization 
Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 
122 Stat. 4615), as most recently amended by 
section 1105 of the William M. (Mac) Thorn-
berry National Defense Authorization Act 
for Fiscal Year 2021 (Public Law 116–283), is 
further amended by striking ‘‘through 2021’’ 
and inserting ‘‘through 2022’’. 
SEC. 1108. PILOT PROGRAM ON DIRECT HIRE AU-
THORITY FOR SPOUSES OF MEM-
BERS OF THE UNIFORMED SERVICES 
AT 
LOCATIONS 
OUTSIDE 
THE 
UNITED STATES. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of Defense 
may carry out a pilot program to assess the 
feasibility and advisability of using the au-
thority under subsection (b) to hire spouses 
of members of the uniformed services at lo-
cations outside the United States. 
(b) AUTHORITY.—In carrying out the pilot 
program under this section, the Secretary 
may appoint, without regard to the provi-
sions of subchapter I of chapter 33 of title 5, 
United States Code (other than sections 3303 
and 3328 of such chapter), a spouse of a mem-
ber of the uniformed services stationed at a 
duty location outside the United States to a 
position described in subsection (c) if— 
(1) the spouse has been authorized to ac-
company the member to the duty location at 
Government expense; and 
(2) the duty location is within reasonable 
commuting distance, as determined by the 
Secretary concerned, of the location of the 
position. 
(c) POSITION
DESCRIBED.—A position de-
scribed in this subsection is a competitive 
service position within the Department of 
Defense that is located outside the United 
States. 
(d) TERM OF APPOINTMENT.— 
(1) IN
GENERAL.—An appointment made 
under this section shall be for a term not ex-
ceeding two years. 
(2) RENEWAL.—The Secretary of Defense 
may renew an appointment made under this 
section for one additional term not exceed-
ing two years. 
(3) TERMINATION.—An appointment made 
under this section shall terminate on the 
date on which the member of the uniformed 
services relocates back to the United States 
in connection with a permanent change of 
station. 
(e) PAYMENT
OF TRAVEL
AND TRANSPOR-
TATION ALLOWANCES.—Nothing in this sec-
tion may be construed to authorize addi-
tional travel or transportation allowances in 
connection with an appointment made under 
this section. 
(f) RELATIONSHIP TO OTHER LAW.—Nothing 
in this section may be construed to interfere 
with— 
(1) the authority of the President under 
section 3304 of title 5, United States Code; 
(2) the authority of the President under 
section 1784 of title 10, United States Code; 
(3) the ability of the head of an agency to 
make noncompetitive appointments pursu-
ant to section 3330d of title 5, United States 
Code; or 
(4) any obligation under any applicable 
treaty, status of forces agreement, or other 
international agreement between the United 
States Government and the government of 
the country in which the position is located. 
(g) REPORTS REQUIRED.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than one year 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
and annually thereafter, the Secretary of De-
fense shall submit to the appropriate com-
mittees of Congress a report setting forth 
the following: 
(A) The number of individuals appointed 
under this section. 
(B) The position series and grade to which 
each individual described in subparagraph 
(A) was appointed. 
(C) Demographic data on the individuals 
described in subparagraph (A), including 
with respect to race, gender, age, and edu-
cation level attained. 
(D) Data on the members of the uniformed 
services whose spouses have been appointed 
under this section, including the rank of 
each such member. 
(E) Such recommendations for legislative 
or administrative action as the Secretary 
considers appropriate relating to continuing 
or expanding the pilot program. 
(2) FINAL REPORT.—Not later than Decem-
ber 31, 2026, the Secretary shall submit to the 
appropriate committees of Congress a final 
report setting forth the information under 
paragraph (1). 
(h) TERMINATION.—The pilot program under 
this section shall terminate on December 31, 
2026. 
(i) DEFINITIONS.—In this section: 
(1) 
APPROPRIATE
COMMITTEES
OF
CON-
GRESS.—The term ‘‘appropriate committees 
of Congress’’ means— 
(A) the Committee on Armed Services and 
the Committee on Homeland Security and 
Governmental Affairs of the Senate; and 
(B) the Committee on Armed Services and 
the Committee on Oversight and Reform of 
the House of Representatives. 
(2) SECRETARY CONCERNED.—The term ‘‘Sec-
retary concerned’’— 
(A) has the meaning given the term in sec-
tion 101(a)(9) of title 10, United States Code; 
and 
(B) includes— 
(i) the Secretary of Commerce, with re-
spect to matters concerning the commis-
sioned officer corps of the National Oceanic 
and Atmospheric Administration; and 
(ii) the Secretary of Health and Human 
Services, with respect to matters concerning 
the commissioned corps of the Public Health 
Service. 
(3) UNIFORMED SERVICES.—The term ‘‘uni-
formed services’’ has the meaning given the 
term in section 101(a)(5) of title 10, United 
States Code. 
(4) UNITED
STATES.—The term ‘‘United 
States’’ has the meaning given that term in 
section 101(a)(1) of title 10, United States 
Code. 
SEC. 1109. CIVILIAN CYBERSECURITY RESERVE 
PILOT PROJECT AT UNITED STATES 
CYBER COMMAND. 
(a) DEFINITIONS.—In this section: 
(1) APPROPRIATE
CONGRESSIONAL
COMMIT-
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional 
committees’’ means— 
(A) the Committee on Homeland Security 
and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; 
(B) the Committee on Armed Services of 
the Senate; 
(C) the Committee on Homeland Security 
of the House of Representatives; and 
(D) the Committee on Armed Services of 
the House of Representatives. 
(2) COMMANDER.—The term ‘‘Commander’’ 
means the Commander of the United States 
Cyber Command. 
(3) COMPETITIVE SERVICE.—The term ‘‘com-
petitive service’’ has the meaning given the 
term in section 2102 of title 5, United States 
Code. 
(4) EXCEPTED
SERVICE.—The term ‘‘ex-
cepted service’’ has the meaning given the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00061
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 72-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8604 
November 19, 2021 
term in section 2103 of title 5, United States 
Code. 
(5) SIGNIFICANT INCIDENT.—The term ‘‘sig-
nificant incident’’— 
(A) means an incident or a group of related 
incidents that results, or is likely to result, 
in demonstrable harm to— 
(i) the national security interests, foreign 
relations, or economy of the United States; 
or 
(ii) the public confidence, civil liberties, or 
public health and safety of the people of the 
United States; and 
(B) does not include an incident or a por-
tion of a group of related incidents that oc-
curs on— 
(i) a national security system, as defined in 
section 3552 of title 44, United States Code; 
or 
(ii) an information system described in 
paragraph (2) or (3) of section 3553(e) of title 
44, United States Code. 
(6) TEMPORARY POSITION.—The term ‘‘tem-
porary position’’ means a position in the 
competitive or excepted service for a period 
of 180 days or less. 
(7) UNIFORMED SERVICES.—The term ‘‘uni-
formed services’’ has the meaning given the 
term in section 2101 of title 5, United States 
Code. 
(b) PILOT PROJECT.— 
(1) IN
GENERAL.—The Commander shall 
carry out a pilot project to establish a Civil-
ian Cybersecurity Reserve at the United 
States Cyber Command. 
(2) PURPOSE.—The purpose of the Civilian 
Cybersecurity Reserve is to enable the 
United States Cyber Command to effectively 
respond to significant incidents. 
(3) 
ALTERNATIVE
METHODS.—Consistent 
with section 4703 of title 5, United States 
Code, in carrying out the pilot project re-
quired under paragraph (1), the Commander 
may, without further authorization from the 
Office of Personnel Management, provide for 
alternative methods of— 
(A) 
establishing 
qualifications 
require-
ments for, recruitment of, and appointment 
to positions; and 
(B) classifying positions. 
(4) APPOINTMENTS.—Under the pilot project 
required under paragraph (1), upon occur-
rence of a significant incident, the Com-
mander— 
(A) may activate members of the Civilian 
Cybersecurity Reserve by— 
(i) noncompetitively appointing members 
of the Civilian Cybersecurity Reserve to 
temporary positions in the competitive serv-
ice; or 
(ii) appointing members of the Civilian Cy-
bersecurity Reserve to temporary positions 
in the excepted service; 
(B) shall notify Congress whenever a mem-
ber is activated under subparagraph (A); and 
(C) may appoint not more than 50 members 
to the Civilian Cybersecurity Reserve under 
subparagraph (A) at any time. 
(5) STATUS AS EMPLOYEES.—An individual 
appointed under paragraph (4) shall be con-
sidered a Federal civil service employee 
under section 2105 of title 5, United States 
Code. 
(6) 
ADDITIONAL
EMPLOYEES.—Individuals 
appointed under paragraph (4) shall be in ad-
dition to any employees of the United States 
Cyber Command who provide cybersecurity 
services. 
(7) EMPLOYMENT
PROTECTIONS.—The Sec-
retary of Labor shall prescribe such regula-
tions as necessary to ensure the reemploy-
ment, continuation of benefits, and non-dis-
crimination in reemployment of individuals 
appointed under paragraph (4), provided that 
such regulations shall include, at a min-
imum, those rights and obligations set forth 
under chapter 43 of title 38, United States 
Code. 
(8) STATUS IN RESERVE.—During the period 
beginning on the date on which an individual 
is recruited by the United States Cyber Com-
mand to serve in the Civilian Cybersecurity 
Reserve and ending on the date on which the 
individual is appointed under paragraph (4), 
and during any period in between any such 
appointments, the individual shall not be 
considered a Federal employee. 
(c) ELIGIBILITY; APPLICATION
AND SELEC-
TION.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—Under the pilot project re-
quired under subsection (b)(1), the Com-
mander shall establish criteria for— 
(A) individuals to be eligible for the Civil-
ian Cybersecurity Reserve; and 
(B) the application and selection processes 
for the Civilian Cybersecurity Reserve. 
(2) REQUIREMENTS
FOR
INDIVIDUALS.—The 
criteria established under paragraph (1)(A) 
with respect to an individual shall include— 
(A) if the individual has previously served 
as a member of the Civilian Cybersecurity 
Reserve, that the previous appointment 
ended not less than 60 days before the indi-
vidual may be appointed for a subsequent 
temporary position in the Civilian Cyberse-
curity Reserve; and 
(B) cybersecurity expertise. 
(3) 
PRESCREENING.—The 
Commander 
shall— 
(A) conduct a prescreening of each indi-
vidual prior to appointment under sub-
section (b)(4) for any topic or product that 
would create a conflict of interest; and 
(B) 
require 
each 
individual 
appointed 
under subsection (b)(4) to notify the Com-
mander if a potential conflict of interest 
arises during the appointment. 
(4) AGREEMENT
REQUIRED.—An individual 
may become a member of the Civilian Cyber-
security Reserve only if the individual enters 
into an agreement with the Commander to 
become such a member, which shall set forth 
the rights and obligations of the individual 
and the United States Cyber Command. 
(5) EXCEPTION
FOR
CONTINUING
MILITARY 
SERVICE COMMITMENTS.—A member of the Se-
lected Reserve under section 10143 of title 10, 
United States Code, may not be a member of 
the Civilian Cybersecurity Reserve. 
(6) PROHIBITION.—Any individual who is an 
employee of the executive branch may not be 
recruited or appointed to serve in the Civil-
ian Cybersecurity Reserve. 
(d) SECURITY CLEARANCES.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—The Commander shall en-
sure that all members of the Civilian Cyber-
security Reserve undergo the appropriate 
personnel vetting and adjudication commen-
surate with the duties of the position, in-
cluding a determination of eligibility for ac-
cess to classified information where a secu-
rity clearance is necessary, according to ap-
plicable policy and authorities. 
(2) COST OF SPONSORING CLEARANCES.—If a 
member of the Civilian Cybersecurity Re-
serve requires a security clearance in order 
to carry out the duties of the member, the 
United States Cyber Command shall be re-
sponsible for the cost of sponsoring the secu-
rity clearance of the member. 
(e) STUDY AND IMPLEMENTATION PLAN.— 
(1) STUDY.—Not later than 60 days after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, the Com-
mander shall begin a study on the design and 
implementation of the pilot project required 
under subsection (b)(1), including— 
(A) compensation and benefits for members 
of the Civilian Cybersecurity Reserve; 
(B) activities that members may under-
take as part of their duties; 
(C) methods for identifying and recruiting 
members, including alternatives to tradi-
tional qualifications requirements; 
(D) methods for preventing conflicts of in-
terest or other ethical concerns as a result of 
participation in the pilot project and details 
of mitigation efforts to address any conflict 
of interest concerns; 
(E) resources, including additional funding, 
needed to carry out the pilot project; 
(F) possible penalties for individuals who 
do not respond to activation when called, in 
accordance with the rights and procedures 
set forth under title 5, Code of Federal Regu-
lations; and 
(G) processes and requirements for training 
and onboarding members. 
(2) IMPLEMENTATION PLAN.—Not later than 
one year after beginning the study required 
under paragraph (1), the Commander shall— 
(A) submit to the appropriate congres-
sional committees an implementation plan 
for the pilot project required under sub-
section (b)(1); and 
(B) provide to the appropriate congres-
sional committees a briefing on the imple-
mentation plan. 
(3) PROHIBITION.—The Commander may not 
take any action to begin implementation of 
the pilot project required under subsection 
(b)(1) until the Commander fulfills the re-
quirements under paragraph (2). 
(f) PROJECT GUIDANCE.—Not later than two 
years after the date of the enactment of this 
Act, the Commander shall, in consultation 
with the Office of Personnel Management 
and the Office of Government Ethics, issue 
guidance establishing and implementing the 
pilot project required under subsection (b)(1). 
(g) BRIEFINGS AND REPORT.— 
(1) BRIEFINGS.—Not later than one year 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
and every year thereafter until the date on 
which the pilot project required under sub-
section (b)(1) terminates under subsection 
(i), the Commander shall provide to the ap-
propriate congressional committees a brief-
ing on activities carried out under the pilot 
project, including— 
(A) participation in the Civilian Cyberse-
curity Reserve, including the number of par-
ticipants, the diversity of participants, and 
any barriers to recruitment or retention of 
members; 
(B) an evaluation of the ethical require-
ments of the pilot project; 
(C) whether the Civilian Cybersecurity Re-
serve has been effective in providing addi-
tional capacity to the United States Cyber 
Command during significant incidents; and 
(D) an evaluation of the eligibility require-
ments for the pilot project. 
(2) REPORT.—Not earlier than 180 days and 
not later than 90 days before the date on 
which the pilot project required under sub-
section (b)(1) terminates under subsection 
(i), the Commander shall submit to the ap-
propriate congressional committees a report 
and provide a briefing on recommendations 
relating to the pilot project, including rec-
ommendations for— 
(A) whether the pilot project should be 
modified, extended in duration, or estab-
lished as a permanent program, and if so, an 
appropriate scope for the program; 
(B) how to attract participants, ensure a 
diversity of participants, and address any 
barriers to recruitment or retention of mem-
bers of the Civilian Cybersecurity Reserve; 
(C) the ethical requirements of the pilot 
project and the effectiveness of mitigation 
efforts to address any conflict of interest 
concerns; and 
(D) an evaluation of the eligibility require-
ments for the pilot project. 
(h) EVALUATION.—Not later than three 
years after the pilot project required under 
subsection (b)(1) is established, the Comp-
troller General of the United States shall— 
(1) conduct a study evaluating the pilot 
project; and 
(2) submit to Congress— 
(A) a report on the results of the study; 
and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00062
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 73-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8605 
November 19, 2021 
(B) a recommendation with respect to 
whether the pilot project should be modified. 
(i) SUNSET.—The pilot project required 
under subsection (b)(1) shall terminate on 
the date that is four years after the date on 
which the pilot project is established. 
(j) NO ADDITIONAL FUNDS.— 
(1) IN
GENERAL.—No additional funds are 
authorized to be appropriated for the purpose 
of carrying out this section. 
(2) EXISTING AUTHORIZED AMOUNTS.—Funds 
to carry out this section may, as provided in 
advance in appropriations Acts, only come 
from amounts authorized to be appropriated 
to the United States Cyber Command. 
TITLE XII—MATTERS RELATING TO 
FOREIGN NATIONS 
Subtitle A—Assistance and Training 
SEC. 1201. AUTHORITY TO BUILD CAPACITY FOR 
ADDITIONAL OPERATIONS. 
Section 333(a)(3) of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘or other 
counter-illicit trafficking operations’’ before 
the period. 
SEC. 1202. ADMINISTRATIVE SUPPORT AND PAY-
MENT OF CERTAIN EXPENSES FOR 
COVERED FOREIGN DEFENSE PER-
SONNEL. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Subchapter IV of chapter 
16 of title 10, United States Code, is amended 
by adding at the end the following new sec-
tion: 
‘‘§ 334. Administrative support and payment 
of certain expenses for covered foreign de-
fense personnel 
‘‘(a) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of De-
fense may— 
‘‘(1) provide administrative services and 
support to the United Nations Command for 
the performance of duties by covered foreign 
defense personnel during the period in which 
the covered foreign defense personnel are as-
signed to the United Nations Command or 
the Neutral Nations Supervisory Commis-
sion in accordance with the Korean War Ar-
mistice Agreement of 1953; and 
‘‘(2) pay the expenses specified in sub-
section (b) for covered foreign defense per-
sonnel who are— 
‘‘(A) from a developing country; and 
‘‘(B) assigned to the headquarters of the 
United Nations Command. 
‘‘(b) TYPES OF EXPENSES.—The types of ex-
penses that may be paid under the authority 
of subsection (a)(2) are the following: 
‘‘(1) Travel and subsistence expenses di-
rectly related to the duties of covered for-
eign defense personnel described in sub-
section (a)(2) in connection with the assign-
ment of such covered foreign defense per-
sonnel. 
‘‘(2) Personal expenses directly related to 
carrying out such duties. 
‘‘(3) Expenses for medical care at a mili-
tary medical facility. 
‘‘(4) Expenses for medical care at a civilian 
medical facility, if— 
‘‘(A) adequate medical care is not available 
to such covered foreign defense personnel at 
a local military medical treatment facility; 
‘‘(B) the Secretary determines that pay-
ment of such medical expenses is necessary 
and in the best interests of the United 
States; and 
‘‘(C) medical care is not otherwise avail-
able to such covered foreign defense per-
sonnel pursuant to a treaty or any other 
international agreement. 
‘‘(5) Mission-related travel expenses, if— 
‘‘(A) such travel is in direct support of the 
national interests of the United States; and 
‘‘(B) the Commander of the United Nations 
Command directs round-trip travel from the 
headquarters of the United Nations Com-
mand to one or more locations. 
‘‘(c) REIMBURSEMENT.—The Secretary may 
provide the administrative services and sup-
port and pay the expenses authorized by sub-
section (a) with or without reimbursement. 
‘‘(d) DEFINITIONS.—In this section: 
‘‘(1) The term ‘administrative services and 
support’ means base or installation support 
services, facilities use, base operations sup-
port, office space, office supplies, utilities, 
copying services, computer support, commu-
nication services, fire and police protection, 
postal services, bank services, transpor-
tation 
services, 
housing 
and 
temporary 
billeting (including ancillary services), spe-
cialized clothing required to perform as-
signed duties, temporary loan of special 
equipment, storage services, training serv-
ices, and repair and maintenance services. 
‘‘(2) The term ‘covered foreign defense per-
sonnel’ means members of the military of a 
foreign country who are assigned to— 
‘‘(A) the United Nations Command; or 
‘‘(B) the Neutral Nations Supervisory Com-
mission. 
‘‘(3) The term ‘developing country’ has the 
meaning given the term in section 301(4) of 
this title. 
‘‘(4) The term ‘Neutral Nations Super-
visory Commission’ means the delegations 
from Sweden and Switzerland (or successor 
delegations) appointed in accordance with 
the Korean War Armistice Agreement of 1953 
or its subsequent agreements. 
‘‘(5) The term ‘United Nations Command’ 
means the headquarters of the United Na-
tions Command, the United Nations Com-
mand Military Armistice Commission, the 
United Nations Command-Rear, and the 
United Nations Command Honor Guard.’’. 
(b) CONFORMING AMENDMENT.—The table of 
sections at the beginning of subchapter IV of 
chapter 16 of title 10, United States Code, is 
amended by adding at the end the following 
new item: 
‘‘334. Administrative support and payment of 
certain expenses for covered 
foreign defense personnel.’’. 
SEC. 1203. AUTHORITY FOR CERTAIN REIMBURS-
ABLE INTERCHANGE OF SUPPLIES 
AND SERVICES. 
Section 2571 of title 10, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) by amending subsection (b) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(b)(1) If its head approves, a department 
or organization within the Department of 
Defense may, upon request, perform work 
and services for, or furnish supplies to, any 
other of those departments or organizations, 
with or without reimbursement or transfer 
of funds. 
‘‘(2) Use of the authority under this section 
for reimbursable support is limited to sup-
port for the purpose of providing assistance 
to a foreign partner pursuant to section 333 
and section 345 of this title.’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
subsection: 
‘‘(e)(1) An order placed by a department or 
organization on a reimbursable basis pursu-
ant to subsection (b) shall be considered to 
be an obligation in the same manner as an 
order placed under section 6307 of title 41. 
‘‘(2) Amounts received as reimbursement 
shall be credited in accordance with section 
2205 of this title to the appropriation of the 
supporting department or organization used 
in incurring the obligation in the year or 
years that support is provided.’’. 
SEC. 1204. EXTENSION AND MODIFICATION OF 
DEPARTMENT 
OF 
DEFENSE 
SUP-
PORT FOR STABILIZATION ACTIVI-
TIES IN NATIONAL SECURITY INTER-
EST OF THE UNITED STATES. 
Section 1210A of the National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2020 (Public 
Law 116–92; 133 Stat. 1626) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b), by amending para-
graph (1) to read as follows: 
‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—Amounts authorized to 
be provided pursuant to this section shall be 
available only for support for stabilization 
activities— 
‘‘(A)(i) in a country specified in paragraph 
(2); and 
‘‘(ii) that the Secretary of Defense, with 
the concurrence of the Secretary of State, 
has determined are in the national security 
interest of the United States; or 
‘‘(B) in a country or region that has been 
selected as a priority country or region 
under section 505 of the Global Fragility Act 
of 2019 (22 U.S.C. 9804).’’; 
(2) in subsection (g)(1), by striking ‘‘, De-
fense-wide’’; and 
(3) in subsection (h), by striking ‘‘Decem-
ber 31, 2021’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 
2023’’. 
SEC. 1205. TEMPORARY AUTHORITY TO PAY FOR 
PERSONNEL EXPENSES OF FOREIGN 
NATIONAL SECURITY FORCES PAR-
TICIPATING IN THE TRAINING PRO-
GRAM OF THE UNITED STATES-CO-
LOMBIA 
ACTION 
PLAN 
FOR 
RE-
GIONAL SECURITY. 
(a) AUTHORITY.—For fiscal year 2022, the 
Secretary of Defense is authorized to pay for 
the travel, subsistence, and similar per-
sonnel expenses of the national security 
forces of a friendly foreign country to par-
ticipate in the training program of the 
United States-Colombia Action Plan for Re-
gional Security conducted at a facility in 
Colombia. 
(b) NOTIFICATION.—Not later than 15 days 
before the exercise of the authority under 
subsection (a), the Secretary shall provide to 
the congressional defense committees a writ-
ten notification that includes the following: 
(1) An identification of the foreign coun-
try, and the specific unit of the national se-
curity forces of such country, the capacity of 
which will be built by participating in such 
training program. 
(2) The amount of support to be provided 
under that subsection. 
(3) An identification of the United States 
equipment purchased or acquired by such 
foreign country, for the use of which train-
ing is being provided under such training 
program. 
(4) A description of the specific capabilities 
to be built through such training program 
with such support. 
(5) A detailed description of the manner in 
which building the capabilities of such coun-
try through such training program advances 
the national security interests of the United 
States. 
(6) A detailed assessment of the effective-
ness of such training program in meeting De-
partment of Defense requirements for build-
ing the capacity of such country. 
(c) SOURCE OF FUNDS.—Of the amounts au-
thorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 
2022 for the Department of Defense for oper-
ation and maintenance, Defense-wide, the 
Secretary may obligate or expend such 
amounts as may be necessary to pay for ex-
penses described in subsection (a) for such 
fiscal year. 
(d) LIMITATION.—The provision of support 
under subsection (a) shall be subject to sec-
tion 362 of title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 1206. SECURITY COOPERATION STRATEGY 
FOR 
CERTAIN 
COMBATANT 
COM-
MANDS. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of Defense, 
in coordination with the Secretary of State, 
shall develop and implement a security co-
operation strategy for each covered combat-
ant command, which shall apply to the secu-
rity cooperation programs and activities of 
the Department of Defense (as defined in sec-
tion 301 of title 10, United States Code). 
(b) PURPOSES.—The purposes of the strate-
gies required by subsection (a) are the fol-
lowing: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00063
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 74-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8606 
November 19, 2021 
(1) To support and advance United States 
national security interests in strategic com-
petition with near-peer rivals. 
(2) To build key capabilities of allied and 
partner security forces so as to enhance bi-
lateral and multilateral interoperability and 
responsiveness in the event of a crisis. 
(3) To build the capabilities of foreign part-
ner security forces to secure their own terri-
tory, including through operations against 
violent extremist groups. 
(4) To promote and build institutional ca-
pabilities for observance of, and respect for— 
(A) the law of armed conflict; 
(B) human rights and fundamental free-
doms; 
(C) the rule of law; and 
(D) civilian control of the military. 
(5) To support the programs and activities 
of law enforcement and civilian agencies to 
counter the threat of and reduce risks from 
illicit trafficking and transnational criminal 
organizations. 
(c) ELEMENTS.—The strategy for each cov-
ered combatant command required by sub-
section (a) shall include the following: 
(1) A statement of the security cooperation 
strategic objectives for— 
(A) the covered combatant command; and 
(B) the covered combatant command in 
conjunction with other covered combatant 
commands. 
(2) A description of the primary security 
cooperation lines of effort for achieving such 
strategic objectives, including prioritization 
of foreign partners within the covered com-
batant command. 
(3) A description of the Department of De-
fense authorities to be used for each such 
line of effort and the manner in which such 
authorities will contribute to achieving such 
strategic objectives. 
(4) A description of the institutional capac-
ity-building programs and activities within 
the covered combatant command and an as-
sessment of the manner in which such pro-
grams and activities contribute to achieving 
such strategic objectives. 
(5) A description of the manner in which 
the development, planning, and implementa-
tion of programs or activities under Depart-
ment of Defense security cooperation au-
thorities are coordinated and deconflicted 
with security assistance and other assistance 
authorities of the Department of State and 
other civilian agencies. 
(d) 
CONSULTATION.—In 
developing 
the 
strategy for each covered combatant com-
mand required by subsection (a), the Sec-
retary of Defense shall consult with— 
(1) the Under Secretary of Defense for Pol-
icy; 
(2) the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of 
Staff; 
(3) the Director of the Defense Security Co-
operation Agency; and 
(4) the commander of the relevant covered 
combatant command. 
(e) REPORTS.— 
(1) INITIAL
REPORT.—Not later than 180 
days after the date of the enactment of this 
Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to 
the appropriate committees of Congress a re-
port on the security cooperation strategy for 
each covered combatant command developed 
under subsection (a). 
(2) SUBSEQUENT REPORTS.—Beginning in fis-
cal 
year 
2023, 
and 
annually 
thereafter 
through fiscal year 2027, concurrently with 
the submittal of the report required by sec-
tion 386(a) of title 10, United States Code, the 
Secretary of Defense shall submit to the ap-
propriate committees of Congress a report on 
the implementation of the security coopera-
tion strategy for each covered combatant 
command developed under subsection (a). 
(f) DEFINITIONS.—In this section: 
(1) 
APPROPRIATE
COMMITTEES
OF
CON-
GRESS.—The term ‘‘appropriate committees 
of Congress’’ means— 
(A) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Foreign Relations, and the 
Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; 
and 
(B) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Com-
mittee on Appropriations of the House of 
Representatives. 
(2) COVERED
COMBATANT
COMMAND.—The 
term 
‘‘covered 
combatant 
command’’ 
means— 
(A) the United States European Command; 
(B) the United States Indo-Pacific Com-
mand; 
(C) the United States Central Command; 
(D) the United States Africa Command; 
(E) the United States Southern Command; 
and 
(F) the United States Northern Command. 
SEC. 1207. PLAN FOR ENHANCING WESTERN 
HEMISPHERE SECURITY COOPERA-
TION. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
the Secretary of Defense, in coordination 
with the Secretary of State, shall submit to 
the appropriate committees of Congress a 
plan for enhancing security cooperation and 
advancing United States strategic interests 
in the Western Hemisphere. 
(b) ELEMENTS.—The plan required by sub-
section (a) shall include the following: 
(1) Activities to expand bilateral and mul-
tilateral 
security 
cooperation 
in 
Latin 
America and the Caribbean so as to maintain 
consistent United States presence in the re-
gion. 
(2) Activities to build the defense and secu-
rity capacity (other than civilian law en-
forcement) of partner countries in Latin 
America and the Caribbean. 
(3) Activities to counter malign influence 
of state actors and transnational criminal 
organizations with connections to illicit 
trafficking, terrorism, or weapons prolifera-
tion. 
(4) Efforts to disrupt, degrade, and counter 
transnational illicit trafficking, with an em-
phasis on illicit narcotics and precursor 
chemicals that produce illicit narcotics. 
(5) Activities to provide transparency and 
support for strong and accountable defense 
institutions through institutional capacity- 
building efforts, including efforts to ensure 
compliance with internationally recognized 
human rights standards. 
(6) Steps to expand bilateral and multi-
national military exercises and training with 
partner countries in Latin America and the 
Caribbean. 
(7) The provision of assistance to— 
(A) such partner countries for regional de-
fense; and 
(B) security organizations and institutions 
and national military or other security 
forces (other than civilian law enforcement) 
that carry out national or regional security 
missions. 
(8) The provision of training and education 
to defense and security ministries, agencies, 
and headquarters-level organizations for or-
ganizations and forces described in para-
graph (7)(B). 
(9) Activities to counter misinformation 
and disinformation campaigns and highlight 
corrupt, predatory, and illegal practices. 
(10) The provision of Department of De-
fense humanitarian assistance and disaster 
relief to support partner countries by pro-
moting the development and growth of re-
sponsive institutions through activities such 
as— 
(A) the provision of equipment, training, 
and logistical support; 
(B) transportation of humanitarian sup-
plies or foreign security forces or personnel; 
(C) making available, preparing, and trans-
ferring on-hand nonlethal Department of De-
fense stocks for humanitarian or health pur-
poses to respond to unforeseen emergencies; 
(D) the provision of Department of Defense 
humanitarian de-mining assistance; 
(E) 
conducting 
physical 
security 
and 
stockpile-management activities; and 
(F) conducting medical support operations 
or medical humanitarian missions, as appro-
priate, such as hospital-ship deployments 
and base-operating services, to the extent re-
quired by the operation. 
(11) Continued support for the Women, 
Peace, and Security efforts of the Depart-
ment of State to support the capacity of 
partner countries in the Western Hemi-
sphere— 
(A) to ensure that women and girls are safe 
and secure and the rights of women and girls 
are protected; and 
(B) to promote the meaningful participa-
tion of women in the defense and security 
sectors. 
(12) The provision of support to increase 
the capacity and effectiveness of Department 
of Defense educational programs and institu-
tions, such as the William J. Perry Center, 
and international institutions, such as the 
Inter-American Defense Board and the Inter- 
American Defense College, that promote 
United States defense objectives through bi-
lateral and regional relationships. 
(13) Professional military education initia-
tives. 
(14) The allocation of maritime vessels to 
the United States 4th Fleet. 
(15) A detailed assessment of the resources 
required to carry out such plan. 
(c) 
APPROPRIATE
COMMITTEES
OF
CON-
GRESS.—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-
priate committees of Congress’’ means— 
(1) the Committee on Armed Services and 
the Committee on Foreign Relations of the 
Senate; and 
(2) the Committee on Armed Services and 
the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the 
House of Representatives. 
SEC. 1208. PILOT PROGRAM TO SUPPORT THE IM-
PLEMENTATION 
OF 
THE 
WOMEN, 
PEACE, AND SECURITY ACT OF 2017. 
Section 1210E of the William M. (Mac) 
Thornberry National Defense Authorization 
Act for Fiscal Year 2021 (Public Law 116–283) 
is amended by— 
(1) redesignating subsection (f) as sub-
section (h); and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (e) the fol-
lowing new subsections (f) and (g): 
‘‘(f) PILOT PROGRAM.— 
‘‘(1) ESTABLISHMENT.—The Secretary of De-
fense, in consultation with the Secretary of 
State, shall establish and carry out a pilot 
program for the purpose of conducting part-
ner country assessments described in sub-
section (b)(2). 
‘‘(2) CONTRACT AUTHORITY.—The Secretary 
of Defense, in consultation with the Sec-
retary of State, shall seek to enter into one 
or more contracts with a nonprofit organiza-
tion or a federally funded research and devel-
opment center independent of the Depart-
ment for the purpose of conducting such 
partner country assessments. 
‘‘(3) SELECTION OF COUNTRIES.— 
‘‘(A) IN
GENERAL.—The Secretary of De-
fense, in consultation with the commanders 
of the combatant commands and relevant 
United States ambassadors, shall select one 
partner country within the area of responsi-
bility of each geographic combatant com-
mand for participation in the pilot program. 
‘‘(B) CONSIDERATIONS.—In making the se-
lection under subparagraph (A), the Sec-
retary of Defense shall consider— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00064
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 75-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8607 
November 19, 2021 
‘‘(i) the demonstrated political commit-
ment of the partner country to increasing 
the participation of women in the security 
sector; and 
‘‘(ii) the national security priorities and 
theater campaign strategies of the United 
States. 
‘‘(4) 
PARTNER
COUNTRY
ASSESSMENTS.— 
Partner 
country 
assessments 
conducted 
under the pilot program shall be— 
‘‘(A) adapted to the local context of the 
partner country being assessed; 
‘‘(B) conducted in collaboration with the 
security sector of the partner country being 
assessed; and 
‘‘(C) based on tested methodologies. 
‘‘(5) REVIEW
AND
ASSESSMENT.—With re-
spect to each partner country assessment 
conducted under the pilot program, the Sec-
retary of Defense, in consultation with the 
Secretary of State, shall— 
‘‘(A) review the methods of research and 
analysis used by any entity contracted with 
under paragraph (2) in conducting the assess-
ment and identify lessons learned from such 
review; and 
‘‘(B) assess the ability of the Department 
to conduct future partner country assess-
ments without entering into such a contract, 
including by assessing potential costs and 
benefits for the Department that may arise 
in conducting such future assessments. 
‘‘(6) FINDINGS.— 
‘‘(A) IN
GENERAL.—The Secretary of De-
fense, in consultation with the Secretary of 
State, shall use findings from each partner 
country assessment to inform effective secu-
rity cooperation activities and security sec-
tor assistance interventions by the United 
States in the partner country assessed, 
which shall be designed to substantially in-
crease opportunities for the recruitment, 
employment, development, retention, de-
ployment, and promotion of women in the 
national security forces of such partner 
country (including for deployments to peace 
operations and for participation in counter-
terrorism operations and activities). 
‘‘(B) MODEL METHODOLOGY.—The Secretary 
of Defense, in consultation with the Sec-
retary of State, shall develop, based on the 
findings of the pilot program, a model bar-
rier assessment methodology for use across 
the geographic combatant commands. 
‘‘(7) REPORTS.— 
‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 2 years 
after the date of the enactment of the Na-
tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal 
Year 2022, the Secretary of Defense, in con-
sultation with the Secretary of State, shall 
submit to the appropriate committees of 
Congress an initial report on the implemen-
tation of the pilot program under this sub-
section that includes an identification of the 
partner countries selected for participation 
in the program and the justifications for 
such selections. 
‘‘(B) METHODOLOGY.—On the date on which 
the Secretary of Defense determines the 
pilot program to be complete, the Secretary 
of Defense, in consultation with the Sec-
retary of State, shall submit to the appro-
priate committees of Congress a report on 
the model barrier assessment methodology 
developed under paragraph (6)(B). 
‘‘(g) BRIEFING.—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of the enactment of the National 
Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 
2022, the Director of the Defense Security Co-
operation Agency shall provide to the appro-
priate committees of Congress a briefing on 
the efforts to build partner defense institu-
tion and security force capacity pursuant to 
this section.’’. 
SEC. 1209. LIMITATION ON SUPPORT TO MILI-
TARY FORCES OF THE KINGDOM OF 
MOROCCO FOR BILATERAL OR MUL-
TILATERAL EXERCISES. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—None of the funds author-
ized to be appropriated by this Act for fiscal 
year 2022 may be used by the Secretary of 
Defense to support the participation of the 
military forces of the Kingdom of Morocco in 
any bilateral or multilateral exercise admin-
istered by the Department of Defense unless 
the Secretary determines, and certifies to 
the congressional defense committees, that 
the Kingdom of Morocco has taken steps to 
support a final peace agreement with West-
ern Sahara. 
(b) WAIVER.—The Secretary may waive the 
application of the limitation under sub-
section (a) if the Secretary submits to the 
congressional defense committees— 
(1) a written determination that the waiver 
is important to the national security inter-
ests of the United States; and 
(2) a detailed explanation of the manner in 
which the waiver furthers such interests. 
Subtitle B—Matters Relating to Afghanistan 
and Pakistan 
SEC. 1211. EXTENSION AND MODIFICATION OF 
AUTHORITY FOR SUPPORT FOR REC-
ONCILIATION ACTIVITIES LED BY 
THE 
GOVERNMENT 
OF 
AFGHANI-
STAN AND PROHIBITION ON USE OF 
FUNDS 
FOR 
THE 
TALIBAN 
AND 
OTHER TERRORIST GROUPS. 
(a) EXTENSION
AND MODIFICATION
OF AU-
THORITY.— 
(1) LOCATION
OF
COVERED
SUPPORT.—Sub-
section (e) of section 1218 of the National De-
fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2020 
(Public Law 116–92; 132 Stat. 1633) is amended 
to read as follows: 
‘‘(e) LOCATION OF COVERED SUPPORT.— 
‘‘(1) AFGHANISTAN.—The Secretary of De-
fense may provide covered support within Af-
ghanistan. 
‘‘(2) OTHER COUNTRIES.— The Secretary of 
Defense may provide covered support in any 
country in the near abroad of Afghanistan if 
the Secretary of Defense, in coordination 
with the Secretary of State, determines, and 
certifies to the appropriate committees of 
Congress, that providing covered support in 
such a country is in the national security in-
terest of the United States.’’. 
(2) NOTIFICATION.—Subsection (f) of such 
section is amended, in the matter preceding 
paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Pakistan’’ and 
inserting ‘‘any country in the near abroad of 
Afghanistan’’. 
(3) REPORTS.—Subsection (j)(1) of such sec-
tion is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.— Not later than 90 days 
after the date on which the Secretary of De-
fense uses the authority under this section, 
and every 180 days thereafter, the Secretary 
of Defense, in coordination with the Sec-
retary of State, shall submit to the appro-
priate committees of Congress a report on 
the covered support provided pursuant to 
such use of authority.’’. 
(4) EXTENSION.—Subsection (k) of such sec-
tion is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 
2021’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2022’’. 
(5) NEAR
ABROAD
OF
AFGHANISTAN
DE-
FINED.—Subsection (l) of such section is 
amended— 
(A) by redesignating paragraphs (4) and (5) 
as paragraphs (5) and (6), respectively; and 
(B) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-
lowing new paragraph (4): 
‘‘(4) NEAR
ABROAD
OF
AFGHANISTAN.—The 
term ‘near abroad of Afghanistan’ means 
South Asia, Central Asia, and the Persian 
Gulf.’’. 
(b) PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR THE 
TALIBAN
AND
OTHER
TERRORIST
GROUPS.— 
None of the funds authorized to be appro-
priated by this Act may be made available 
for the transfer of funds, supplies, or other 
items of monetary value to the Taliban or 
members of other terrorist groups. 
SEC. 1212. EXTENSION AND MODIFICATION OF 
AUTHORITY FOR REIMBURSEMENT 
OF CERTAIN COALITION NATIONS 
FOR 
SUPPORT 
PROVIDED 
TO 
UNITED STATES MILITARY OPER-
ATIONS. 
(a) EXTENSION.—Subsection (a) of section 
1233 of the National Defense Authorization 
Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181; 
122 Stat. 393) is amended by striking ‘‘begin-
ning on October 1, 2020, and ending on De-
cember 31, 2021’’ and inserting ‘‘beginning on 
October 1, 2021, and ending on December 31, 
2022’’. 
(b) 
MODIFICATION
TO
LIMITATION.—Sub-
section (d)(1) of such section is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘beginning on October 1, 
2020, and ending on December 31, 2021’’ and 
inserting ‘‘beginning on October 1, 2021, and 
ending on December 31, 2022’’; and 
(2) by striking ‘‘$180,000,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$160,000,000’’. 
SEC. 
1213. 
AFGHANISTAN 
SECURITY 
FORCES 
FUND. 
(a) CONTINUATION
OF
PRIOR
AUTHORITIES 
AND NOTICE AND REPORTING REQUIREMENTS.— 
Funds available to the Department of De-
fense for the Afghanistan Security Forces 
Fund for fiscal year 2022 shall be subject to 
the conditions contained in— 
(1) subsections (b) through (f) of section 
1513 of the National Defense Authorization 
Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181; 
122 Stat. 428); and 
(2) section 1521(d)(1) of the National De-
fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 
(Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2577). 
(b) USE OF FUNDS.— 
(1) ADVISORS TO MINISTRIES.—Paragraph (1) 
of subsection (b) of such section 1513 is 
amended by inserting ‘‘, including costs of 
Department of Defense personnel who advise 
such Ministries’’ before the period at the 
end. 
(2) TYPE OF ASSISTANCE.—Such subsection 
(b) is further amended— 
(A) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘(includ-
ing program and security assistance manage-
ment support)’’ after ‘‘services’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(4) ADDITIONAL AUTHORITY.— 
‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—Assistance under the au-
thority of this section may be used, in con-
sultation with the Secretary of State, as the 
Secretary of Defense considers necessary, to 
provide support and services described in 
subparagraph (B), or to reimburse coalition 
or partner countries for the provision of such 
support and services, to certain Afghan citi-
zens and their spouses and dependents who— 
‘‘(i) as a consequence of their association 
with the United States or a coalition partner 
of the United States, have a well-founded 
fear of persecution; or 
‘‘(ii) 
are 
aliens 
described 
in 
section 
602(b)(2) of the Afghan Allies Protection Act 
of 2009 (Public Law 111–8; 8 U.S.C. 1101 note). 
‘‘(B) SUPPORT
AND
SERVICES
DESCRIBED.— 
The support and services described in this 
subparagraph are— 
‘‘(i) transportation outside of Afghanistan 
for the purpose of awaiting visa processing; 
‘‘(ii) security; and 
‘‘(iii) life support.’’. 
(c) EQUIPMENT DISPOSITION.— 
(1) ACCEPTANCE
OF
CERTAIN
EQUIPMENT.— 
Subject to paragraph (2), the Secretary of 
Defense may accept equipment that is pro-
cured using amounts authorized to be appro-
priated for the Afghanistan Security Forces 
Fund by this Act and intended for transfer to 
the security forces of the Ministry of Defense 
and the Ministry of Interior Affairs of the 
Government of Afghanistan, but not accept-
ed by such security forces. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00065
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 76-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8608 
November 19, 2021 
(2) CONDITIONS
ON
ACCEPTANCE
OF
EQUIP-
MENT.—Before 
accepting 
any 
equipment 
under the authority provided under para-
graph (1), the Commander of United States 
forces in Afghanistan shall make a deter-
mination as to whether such equipment was 
procured for the purpose of meeting require-
ments of the security forces of the Ministry 
of Defense and the Ministry of Interior Af-
fairs of the Government of Afghanistan, as 
agreed to by the Government of Afghanistan 
and the United States Government, but is no 
longer required by such security forces or 
was damaged before transfer to such security 
forces. 
(3) ELEMENTS OF DETERMINATION.—In mak-
ing a determination under paragraph (2) with 
respect to equipment, the Commander of 
United States forces in Afghanistan shall 
consider alternatives to the acceptance of 
such equipment by the Secretary of Defense. 
(4) TREATMENT AS DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE 
STOCKS.—Equipment accepted under the au-
thority provided under paragraph (1) may be 
treated as stocks of the Department of De-
fense upon notification to the congressional 
defense committees of such treatment. 
(5) QUARTERLY REPORTS ON EQUIPMENT DIS-
POSITION.— 
(A) IN
GENERAL.—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act 
and every 90 days thereafter during the pe-
riod in which the authority provided under 
paragraph (1) is exercised, the Secretary 
shall submit to the congressional defense 
committees a report describing the equip-
ment accepted during the period covered by 
such report under the following: 
(i) This subsection. 
(ii) Section 1521(b) of the National Defense 
Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Pub-
lic Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2575). 
(iii) Section 1531(b) of the National Defense 
Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Pub-
lic Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1088). 
(iv) Section 1532(b) of the Carl Levin and 
Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense 
Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Pub-
lic Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3613). 
(v) Section 1531(d) of the National Defense 
Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Pub-
lic Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 938; 10 U.S.C. 2302 
note). 
(B) ELEMENTS.—Each report under sub-
paragraph (A) shall include, with respect to 
the 90-day period for which the report is sub-
mitted— 
(i) a list of any equipment accepted during 
such period and treated as stocks of the De-
partment of Defense; and 
(ii) copies of any determination made 
under paragraph (2) during such period, as 
required under paragraph (3). 
(C) REIMBURSABLE TRANSACTION AUTHORITY 
FOR HELICOPTERS AND SMALL AIRCRAFT.—The 
Secretary of Defense may use amounts au-
thorized for the Afghanistan Security Forces 
Fund by this Act or the William M. (Mac) 
Thornberry National Defense Authorization 
Act for Fiscal Year 2021 (Public Law 116–283) 
to purchase helicopters and small aircraft 
from the Secretary of the Army. 
(D) SECURITY OF AFGHAN WOMEN.— 
(i) IN GENERAL.—Of the funds available to 
the Department of Defense for the Afghani-
stan Security Forces Fund for fiscal year 
2022, it is the goal that up to $27,500,000, but 
not less than $10,000,000, shall be used for 
programs and activities for— 
(I) the recruitment, integration, retention, 
training, and treatment of women in the Af-
ghan National Defense and Security Forces; 
and 
(II) the recruitment, training, and con-
tracting of female security personnel for fu-
ture elections. 
(ii) TYPES OF PROGRAMS AND ACTIVITIES.— 
Such programs and activities may include— 
(I) recruitment and retention efforts with 
respect to women in the Afghan National De-
fense and Security Forces, including the spe-
cial operations forces; 
(II) programs and activities of the Direc-
torate of Human Rights and Gender Integra-
tion of the Ministry of Defense and the Office 
of Human Rights, Gender, and Child Rights 
of the Ministry of Interior Affairs of the 
Government of Afghanistan; 
(III) development and dissemination of 
gender and human rights educational and 
training materials and programs within the 
Ministry of Defense and the Ministry of Inte-
rior Affairs of the Government of Afghani-
stan; 
(IV) efforts to address harassment and vio-
lence against women within the Afghan Na-
tional Defense and Security Forces; 
(V) improvements to infrastructure that 
address the requirements of women serving 
in the Afghan National Defense and Security 
Forces, including appropriate equipment for 
female security and police forces, remedi-
ation, renovation, and protection of facili-
ties used by women, and transportation for 
policewomen to their stations; 
(VI) support for Afghanistan National Po-
lice Family Response Units; 
(VII) security provisions for high-profile 
female police and military officers; 
(VIII) programs to promote conflict pre-
vention, 
management, 
and 
resolution 
through the meaningful participation of Af-
ghan women in the Afghan National Defense 
and Security Forces by exposing Afghan 
women and girls to the activities of and ca-
reers available in such forces, encouraging 
their interest in such careers, or developing 
their interest and the skills necessary for 
service in such forces; and 
(IX) enhancements to Afghan National De-
fense and Security Forces recruitment pro-
grams for targeted advertising with the goal 
of increasing the number of female recruits. 
(E) PLAN
FOR
MAINTAINING
OVERSIGHT
OF 
FUNDS
AND
ACTIVITIES.—Not later than 15 
days after the date of the enactment of this 
Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to 
the appropriate committees of Congress a re-
port on the plan to execute oversight of 
funds and activities authorized by this sec-
tion without a United States Armed Forces 
presence in Afghanistan. 
(F) REPORT AND CERTIFICATION.— 
(i) REPORT.— 
(I) LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS.—Not more 
than $1,000,000,000 of the funds authorized to 
be appropriated by this Act for fiscal year 
2022 may be expended until the date on which 
the report required by subclause (II) is sub-
mitted. 
(II) REPORT.—The Secretary of Defense, in 
consultation with the heads of other Federal 
agencies, as appropriate, shall submit to the 
appropriate committees of Congress a report 
that includes the following: 
(aa) The number of members of the Afghan 
National Defense and Security Forces the 
salaries of whom are funded under the au-
thority of this section. 
(bb) The percentage of such members of the 
Afghan 
National 
Defense 
and 
Security 
Forces who receive pay by direct electronic 
deposit. 
(cc) A detailed description of the process of 
the Department of Defense for providing 
equipment to the Afghan National Defense 
and Security Forces, including a list of loca-
tions from which oversight of distribution 
and maintenance is conducted. 
(dd) A detailed description of the process of 
the Department of Defense for providing 
equipment to the Afghan Air Force, includ-
ing a list of locations from which oversight 
of distribution and maintenance is con-
ducted. 
(ii) CERTIFICATION.— 
(I) LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS.—Not more 
than $2,500,000,000 of the funds authorized to 
be appropriated by this Act for fiscal year 
2022 may be expended until the date on which 
the certification described in subclause (II) 
is made. 
(II) CERTIFICATION.—The certification de-
scribed in this subclause is a certification by 
the Secretary of Defense, in consultation 
with the heads of other Federal agencies, as 
appropriate, that the Government of Afghan-
istan has met the following criteria: 
(aa) The majority of members of the Af-
ghan National Defense and Security Forces 
receive pay by direct electronic deposit. 
(bb) The Government of Afghanistan has 
demonstrated progress in ensuring that the 
weapons and equipment provided to the Af-
ghan National Defense and Security Forces 
are— 
(AA) distributed effectively to the in-
tended units of the Afghan National Defense 
and Security Forces; and 
(BB) in compliance with appropriate end- 
use monitoring standards. 
(cc) The Government of Afghanistan has 
demonstrated progress in ensuring that crit-
ical supplies, including fuel and ammunition, 
are delivered successfully to the intended 
units of the Afghan National Defense and Se-
curity Forces and periodically accounted for 
after delivery. 
(dd) The Government of Afghanistan has 
demonstrated 
progress 
in 
growing 
or 
transitioning maintenance responsibilities 
for Afghan aircraft to Afghan personnel. 
(ee) The Ministry of Defense and the Min-
istry of Interior Affairs of the Government of 
Afghanistan have made progress on reducing 
or mitigating corruption within the Afghan 
National Defense and Security Forces. 
(ff) The Afghan National Defense and Secu-
rity Forces remains a viable partner force in 
countering threats from violent extremist 
organizations that use Afghanistan as a base 
for planning or operations. 
(III) WAIVER.—The Secretary of Defense 
may waive subclause (I) if the Secretary of 
Defense— 
(aa) determines that withholding assist-
ance under that clause would impede the na-
tional security objectives of the United 
States; and 
(bb) in consultation with the Secretary of 
State, certifies such determination to the 
congressional defense committees not later 
than 30 days before the effective date of such 
waiver. 
(G) APPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS 
DEFINED.—In this paragraph, the term ‘‘ap-
propriate committees of Congress’’ means— 
(i) the Committee on Armed Services and 
the Committee on Appropriations of the Sen-
ate; and 
(ii) the Committee on Armed Services and 
the Committee on Appropriations of the 
House of Representatives. 
SEC. 1214. QUARTERLY SECURITY BRIEFINGS ON 
AFGHANISTAN. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than January 
15, 2022, and every 90 days thereafter through 
December 31, 2025, the Under Secretary of 
Defense for Policy shall provide to the con-
gressional defense committees an unclassi-
fied briefing, with a classified component if 
necessary, on the security situation in Af-
ghanistan and ongoing Department of De-
fense efforts to counter terrorist groups. 
(b) ELEMENTS.—Each briefing required by 
subsection (a) shall include an assessment of 
each of the following: 
(1) The security situation in Afghanistan. 
(2) The strength and effectiveness of the 
Taliban, al-Qaeda, the Islamic State of 
Khorasan, and associated forces. 
(3) The international terrorism ambitions 
and capabilities of the Taliban, al-Qaeda, the 
Islamic State of Khorasan, and associated 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00066
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 77-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8609 
November 19, 2021 
forces, and the extent to which such groups 
pose a threat to the United States. 
(4) The strength and capacity of the Af-
ghan National Defense and Security Forces 
and the effectiveness in countering threats 
to the stability of the Government of Af-
ghanistan. 
(5) The mission-capable rates for aircraft 
of the air force of Afghanistan and the effec-
tiveness of aircraft maintenance conducted 
by the air force of Afghanistan. 
(6) The effectiveness of Department of De-
fense efforts to train and advise the Afghan 
National Defense and Security Forces. 
(7) The effectiveness of the Department of 
Defense in maintaining the accountability 
for, and overseeing the appropriate use of, 
the Afghan Security Forces Fund. 
(8) The status of efforts to recruit, inte-
grate, retain, and train women in the Afghan 
National Defense and Security Forces. 
(9) Any other matter the Under Secretary 
considers appropriate. 
SEC. 1215. SENSE OF SENATE AND BRIEFING ON 
COUNTERTERRORISM POSTURE OF 
THE UNITED STATES AFTER TRANSI-
TION OF UNITED STATES ARMED 
FORCES FROM AFGHANISTAN. 
(a) SENSE OF SENATE.—It is the sense of the 
Senate that— 
(1) the United States should ensure that 
Afghanistan will not be a source of planning, 
plotting, or projection of terrorist attacks 
around the globe, including against the 
United States homeland; 
(2) the intelligence community’s annual 
threat assessment for 2021 warned that ISIS 
and al-Qaeda remain among ‘‘the greatest 
. . . terrorist threats to U.S. interests over-
seas; they also seek to conduct attacks in-
side the United States, although sustained 
U.S. and allied [counterterrorism] pressure 
has broadly degraded their capability to do 
so’’; 
(3) the Afghan Study Group advised ‘‘that 
a complete U.S. withdrawal without a peace 
agreement would allow [al-Qaeda and ISIS] 
to gradually rebuild their capabilities in the 
Afghanistan-Pakistan region such that they 
might be able to attack the U.S. homeland 
within eighteen to thirty-six months’’; 
(4) in the February 2020 agreement signed 
between the United States and the Taliban, 
the Taliban promised not to allow ‘‘other in-
dividuals or groups, including al-Qaeda, to 
use the soil of Afghanistan to threaten the 
security of the United States and its allies’’; 
(5) in a report to the United Nations Secu-
rity Council in May 2020, a United Nations 
monitoring team assessed that ‘‘al-Qaeda has 
been operating covertly in Afghanistan while 
still maintaining close relations with the 
Taliban’’; 
(6) the transition of United States and coa-
lition forces from Afghanistan by September 
11, 2021, should not be perceived as marking 
the end of efforts by the United States and 
its allies and partners to counter and de-
grade the threat from al-Qaeda, ISIS, and 
other terrorist groups; and 
(7) the United States should continue to 
devote sufficient resources, intelligence col-
lection capabilities, and analysis to counter 
the terrorist threat from al-Qaeda, ISIS, and 
other terrorist groups that may seek to use 
Afghanistan as a safe haven. 
(b) BRIEFING.—Not later than January 15, 
2022, the Secretary of Defense, in coordina-
tion with the Director of National Intel-
ligence, shall brief the appropriate commit-
tees of Congress on— 
(1) the intelligence, surveillance, and re-
connaissance capabilities and the access, 
basing, and overflight requirements nec-
essary— 
(A) to determine whether the Taliban is 
abiding by its commitment to break ties 
with al-Qaeda; 
(B) to determine whether al-Qaeda and 
ISIS have rebuilt their capabilities in Af-
ghanistan such that al-Qaeda and ISIS 
threaten the security of the United States 
and its allies; and 
(C) to support counterterrorism operations 
necessary to degrade the ability of al-Qaeda 
and ISIS to threaten the United States and 
its allies in the event that al-Qaeda or ISIS 
rebuilds their capabilities; and 
(2) a plan for fulfilling such requirements. 
(c) APPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS 
DEFINED.—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-
priate committees of Congress’’ means— 
(1) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Appropriations, the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, and the Select 
Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; 
and 
(2) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Appropriations, the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, and the Perma-
nent Select Committee on Intelligence of the 
House of Representatives. 
Subtitle C—Matters Relating to Syria, Iraq, 
and Iran 
SEC. 1221. EXTENSION AND MODIFICATION OF 
AUTHORITY 
TO 
PROVIDE 
ASSIST-
ANCE TO VETTED SYRIAN GROUPS 
AND INDIVIDUALS. 
(a) EXTENSION.—Subsection (a) of section 
1209 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ 
McKeon National Defense Authorization Act 
for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 127 
Stat. 3451) is amended by striking ‘‘Decem-
ber 31, 2021’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 
2022’’. 
(b) NOTICE BEFORE PROVISION
OF ASSIST-
ANCE.—Subsection (b)(2) of such section is 
amended by striking subparagraph (A) and 
inserting the following: 
‘‘(A) not later than 15 days before the ex-
penditure of the first 25 percent of the total 
amount authorized to be appropriated in any 
fiscal year under this section; or’’. 
(c) TECHNICAL AMENDMENT.—The table of 
contents for the Carl Levin and Howard P. 
‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Author-
ization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 
113–291; 127 Stat. 3293) is amended by striking 
the item relating to section 1209 and insert-
ing the following: 
‘‘Sec. 1209. Authority to provide assistance 
to vetted Syrian groups and in-
dividuals.’’. 
SEC. 1222. EXTENSION AND MODIFICATION OF 
AUTHORITY 
TO 
SUPPORT 
OPER-
ATIONS AND ACTIVITIES OF THE OF-
FICE OF SECURITY COOPERATION IN 
IRAQ. 
(a) LIMITATION ON AMOUNT.—Subsection (c) 
of section 1215 of the National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (10 
U.S.C. 113 note) is amended by striking ‘‘fis-
cal year 2021’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 
2022’’. 
(b) SOURCE
OF FUNDS.—Subsection (d) of 
such section is amended by striking ‘‘fiscal 
year 2021’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2022’’. 
(c) 
LIMITATION
ON
AVAILABILITY
OF 
FUNDS.—Subsection (h) of such section is 
amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(h) 
LIMITATION
ON
AVAILABILITY
OF 
FUNDS.—Of the amount authorized to be ap-
propriated by this Act for fiscal year 2022 to 
carry out this section, not more than 
$10,000,000 may be obligated or expended for 
the Office of Security Cooperation in Iraq 
until the date on which the Secretary of De-
fense provides to the congressional defense 
committees, the Committee on Foreign Re-
lations of the Senate, and the Committee on 
Foreign Affairs of the House of Representa-
tives a report that— 
‘‘(1) details further steps to reorganize the 
Office in a manner similar to that of other 
security cooperation offices in the region 
and indicates whether such reorganization 
will be achieved by 2023; 
‘‘(2) describes progress made toward the 
continuation of bilateral engagement with 
the Government of Iraq, with the objective 
of establishing a joint mechanism for secu-
rity assistance planning; 
‘‘(3) includes a five-year security assist-
ance roadmap for developing sustainable 
military capacity and capabilities and ena-
bling defense institution building and re-
form; and 
‘‘(4) describes progress made toward, and a 
timeline for, the transition of the preponder-
ance of funding for the activities of the Of-
fice from current sources to the Foreign 
Military Financing Administrative Fund and 
the Foreign Military Sales Trust Fund Ad-
ministrative Surcharge Account in future 
years.’’. 
SEC. 1223. EXTENSION AND MODIFICATION OF 
AUTHORITY 
TO 
PROVIDE 
ASSIST-
ANCE TO COUNTER THE ISLAMIC 
STATE OF IRAQ AND SYRIA. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Subsection (a) of section 
1236 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ 
McKeon National Defense Authorization Act 
for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 
Stat. 3558) is amended by striking ‘‘Decem-
ber 31, 2021’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 
2022’’. 
(b) FUNDING.—Subsection (g) of such sec-
tion is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2021’’ and in-
serting ‘‘fiscal year 2022’’; and 
(2) by striking ‘‘$322,500,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$345,000,000’’. 
(c) 
COST-SHARING
REQUIREMENT.—Sub-
section (k) of such section is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘60 percent’’ and inserting 
‘‘75 percent’’; and 
(2) by striking ‘‘50 percent’’ and inserting 
‘‘25 percent’’. 
(d) ASSESSMENT AND AUTHORITY TO ASSIST 
DIRECTLY CERTAIN COVERED GROUPS.—Sub-
section (l)(1)(B) of such section is amended— 
(1) by striking clause (ii); 
(2) by redesignating clauses (iii) through 
(vii) as clauses (ii) through (vi), respectively; 
(3) in clause (iv), as redesignated, by strik-
ing ‘‘, and once established, the Iraqi Sunni 
National Guard.’’; and 
(4) by adding at the end the following new 
clauses (vii) and (viii): 
‘‘(vii) Whether the Shia militias are gain-
ing new malign capabilities or improving 
such capabilities, and whether the Govern-
ment of Iraq is acting to counter or suppress 
those capabilities. 
‘‘(viii) Whether the Government of Iraq is 
acting to ensure the safety of United States 
Government personnel and citizens, as well 
as the safety of United States facilities.’’. 
Subtitle D—Matters Relating to Europe and 
the Russian Federation 
SEC. 1231. EXTENSION OF LIMITATION ON MILI-
TARY COOPERATION BETWEEN THE 
UNITED STATES AND THE RUSSIAN 
FEDERATION. 
Section 1232 of the National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public 
Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2488) is amended by 
striking ‘‘2020, or 2021’’ and inserting ‘‘2020, 
2021, or 2022’’. 
SEC. 1232. EXTENSION OF PROHIBITION ON 
AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS RELATING 
TO SOVEREIGNTY OF THE RUSSIAN 
FEDERATION OVER CRIMEA. 
Section 1233(a) of the William M. (Mac) 
Thornberry National Defense Authorization 
Act for Fiscal Year 2021 (Public Law 116–283) 
is amended by striking ‘‘2021’’ and inserting 
‘‘2021 or 2022’’. 
SEC. 1233. EXTENSION OF UKRAINE SECURITY AS-
SISTANCE INITIATIVE. 
Section 1250 of the National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public 
Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1608) is amended— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00067
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 78-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8610 
November 19, 2021 
(1) in subsection (c)— 
(A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘fiscal 
year 2021’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2022’’; 
(B) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘fiscal 
year 2021’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2022’’; 
and 
(C) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘fiscal 
year 2021’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2022’’; 
(2) in subsection (f), by adding at the end 
the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(7) For fiscal year 2022, $300,000,000.’’; and 
(3) in subsection (h), by striking ‘‘Decem-
ber 31, 2023’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 
2024’’. 
SEC. 
1234. 
EXTENSION 
OF 
AUTHORITY 
FOR 
TRAINING FOR EASTERN EUROPEAN 
NATIONAL 
SECURITY 
FORCES 
IN 
THE COURSE OF MULTILATERAL EX-
ERCISES. 
Subsection (h) of section 1251 of the Na-
tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal 
Year 2016 (10 U.S.C. 333 note) is amended— 
(1) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘De-
cember 31, 2023’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 
2024’’; and 
(2) in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘the 
period beginning on October 1, 2015, and end-
ing on December 31, 2023’’ and inserting ‘‘the 
period beginning on October 1, 2015, and end-
ing on December 31, 2024.’’. 
SEC. 1235. SENSE OF SENATE ON THE NORTH AT-
LANTIC TREATY ORGANIZATION. 
It is the sense of the Senate that— 
(1) the success of the North Atlantic Trea-
ty Organization (NATO) is critical to achiev-
ing United States national security objec-
tives in Europe and around the world; 
(2) NATO remains the strongest and most 
successful military alliance in the world, 
founded on a commitment by its members to 
uphold the principles of democracy, indi-
vidual liberty, and the rule of law; 
(3) NATO’s contributions to collective de-
fense are indispensable to the security, pros-
perity, and freedom of its members; 
(4) the United States reaffirms its ironclad 
commitment to NATO as the foundation of 
transatlantic security and to upholding its 
obligations under the North Atlantic Treaty, 
including Article 5; 
(5) NATO is meant to be an alliance of 
countries with shared democratic values and 
the United States reaffirms its commitment 
to Article 2 of the North Atlantic Treaty, 
which states the following: ‘‘The Parties will 
contribute toward the further development 
of peaceful and friendly international rela-
tions by strengthening their free institu-
tions, by bringing about a better under-
standing of the principles upon which these 
institutions are founded, and by promoting 
conditions of stability and well-being. They 
will seek to eliminate conflict in their inter-
national economic policies and will encour-
age economic collaboration between any or 
all of them.’’; 
(6) the commitment of NATO allies during 
18 years of security, humanitarian, and sta-
bilization operations in Afghanistan has 
been invaluable, and the sacrifices of NATO 
allies deserve the highest order of respect 
and gratitude; 
(7) the United States remains focused on 
long-term strategic competition with Rus-
sia, and a strong NATO alliance plays an es-
sential role in addressing such competition 
and mitigating shared security concerns; 
(8) the United States should— 
(A) deepen defense cooperation with non- 
NATO European partners, bilaterally and as 
part of the NATO alliance; and 
(B) encourage security sector cooperation 
between NATO and non-NATO defense part-
ners that complements and strengthens col-
lective defense, interoperability, and allies’ 
commitment to Article 3 of the North Atlan-
tic Treaty; 
(9) bolstering NATO cooperation and en-
hancing security relationships with non- 
NATO European partners to counter Russian 
aggression, including Russia’s use of hybrid 
warfare tactics and its willingness to use 
military power to alter the status quo, 
strengthens the United States security inter-
ests for long-term strategic competition; 
(10) the European Deterrence Initiative, 
through investments to increase United 
States military presence, bolster exercises 
and training, enhance pre-positioning of 
equipment, 
improve 
infrastructure, 
and 
build partner capacity, and investments to-
ward such efforts by NATO allies and other 
allies and partners, remain critical to ensur-
ing collective defense in the future; 
(11) the United States should— 
(A) continue to support efforts by NATO 
allies to replace Soviet-era military systems 
and equipment with systems that are inter-
operable among NATO members; and 
(B) work with NATO allies and other allies 
and partners to build permanent mechanisms 
to strengthen supply chains, enhance supply 
chain security, and fill supply chain gaps, in-
cluding in critical sectors such as defense, 
energy, and health; and 
(12) the United States and NATO allies 
should— 
(A) continue— 
(i) to carry out key initiatives to enhance 
readiness, military mobility, and national 
resilience in support of NATO’s ongoing 
COVID–19 pandemic response efforts; 
(ii) to collaborate on ways to enhance col-
lective security, with a focus on emerging 
and revolutionary technologies such as quan-
tum computing, artificial intelligence, fifth 
generation telecommunications networks, 
and machine learning; and 
(iii) to build on recent progress in achiev-
ing defense spending goals agreed to at the 
2014 Wales Summit and reaffirmed at the 2016 
Warsaw Summit and the 2021 Brussels Sum-
mit, and to build consensus to invest in the 
full range of defense capabilities necessary 
to deter and defend against potential adver-
saries; and 
(B) expand cooperation efforts on cyberse-
curity issues to prevent adversaries and 
criminals from compromising critical sys-
tems and infrastructure. 
SEC. 1236. SENSE OF SENATE ON CONTINUING 
SUPPORT 
FOR 
ESTONIA, 
LATVIA, 
AND LITHUANIA. 
It is the sense of the Senate that— 
(1) the United States should continue to 
prioritize support for efforts by the Baltic 
states of Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania to 
build and invest in critical security areas, as 
such efforts are important to achieving 
United States national security objectives; 
(2) Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania play a 
crucial role in strategic efforts— 
(A) to deter the Russian Federation; and 
(B) to maintain the collective security of 
the North Atlantic Treaty Organization alli-
ance; 
(3) the United States should continue to 
pursue efforts consistent with the com-
prehensive, multilateral assessment of the 
military requirements of Estonia, Latvia, 
and Lithuania provided to Congress in De-
cember 2020; 
(4) the Baltic security cooperation road-
map has proven to be a successful model to 
enhance intraregional Baltic planning and 
cooperation, particularly with respect to 
longer-term regional capability projects, in-
cluding— 
(A) integrated air defense; 
(B) maritime domain awareness; 
(C) command, control, communications, 
computers, intelligence, surveillance, and re-
connaissance; and 
(D) Special Operations Forces develop-
ment; 
(5) Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania are to 
be commended for their efforts to pursue 
joint procurement of select defense capabili-
ties and should explore additional areas for 
joint collaboration; and 
(6) the Department of Defense should— 
(A) continue efforts to enhance interoper-
ability among Estonia, Latvia, and Lith-
uania and in support of North Atlantic Trea-
ty Organization efforts; 
(B) encourage infrastructure and other 
host-country support improvements that 
will enhance United States and allied mili-
tary mobility across the region; 
(C) invest in efforts to improve resilience 
to hybrid threats and cyber defenses in Esto-
nia, Latvia, and Lithuania; and 
(D) support planning and budgeting efforts 
of Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania that are 
regionally synchronized. 
Subtitle E—Matters Relating to the Indo- 
Pacific Region 
SEC. 1241. EXTENSION AND MODIFICATION OF 
INDO-PACIFIC MARITIME SECURITY 
INITIATIVE. 
(a) ASSISTANCE AND TRAINING.—Subsection 
(a)(1) of section 1263 of the National Defense 
Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (10 
U.S.C. 333 note) is amended, in the matter 
preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘for 
the purpose of’’ and all that follows through 
‘‘Indian Ocean’’ and inserting ‘‘with the pri-
mary goal of increasing multilateral mari-
time security cooperation and maritime do-
main awareness of foreign countries in the 
area of responsibility of the United States 
Indo-Pacific Command’’. 
(b) RECIPIENT COUNTRIES.—Subsection (b) 
of such section is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(b) RECIPIENT
COUNTRIES.—The foreign 
countries that may be provided assistance 
and training under subsection (a) are the 
countries located within the area of respon-
sibility of the United States Indo-Pacific 
Command.’’. 
(c) TYPES OF ASSISTANCE AND TRAINING.— 
Subsection (c)(1) of such section is amended 
by striking ‘‘small-scale military construc-
tion’’ and inserting ‘‘small-scale construc-
tion (as defined in section 301 of title 10, 
United States Code)’’. 
(d) PRIORITIES FOR ASSISTANCE AND TRAIN-
ING.—Subsection 
(d) 
of 
such section is 
amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(d) PRIORITIES FOR ASSISTANCE AND TRAIN-
ING.—In developing programs for assistance 
or training to be provided under subsection 
(a), the Secretary of Defense shall prioritize 
assistance, training, or both, to enhance— 
‘‘(1) multilateral cooperation and coordina-
tion among recipient countries; or 
‘‘(2) the capabilities of a recipient country 
to more effectively participate in a regional 
organization of which the recipient country 
is a member.’’. 
(e) INCREMENTAL EXPENSES OF PERSONNEL 
OF
CERTAIN
OTHER
COUNTRIES
FOR
TRAIN-
ING.—Subsection 
(e) 
of 
such 
section 
is 
amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(e) INCREMENTAL EXPENSES OF PERSONNEL 
OF RECIPIENT COUNTRIES
FOR TRAINING.—If 
the Secretary of Defense determines that the 
payment of incremental expenses (as defined 
in section 301 of title 10, United States Code) 
in connection with training described in sub-
section (a)(1)(B) will facilitate the participa-
tion in such training of organization per-
sonnel of recipient countries described in 
subsection 
(b), 
the 
Secretary 
may 
use 
amounts available under subsection (f) for 
assistance and training under subsection (a) 
for the payment of such incremental ex-
penses.’’. 
(f) AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS.—Subsection (f) 
of such section is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(f) 
AVAILABILITY
OF
FUNDS.—Of 
the 
amounts authorized to be appropriated for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00068
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 79-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8611 
November 19, 2021 
each of fiscal years 2022 through 2027 for the 
Department of Defense, Operation and Main-
tenance, Defense-wide, $50,000,000 may be 
made available for the provision of assist-
ance and training under subsection (a).’’. 
(g) LIMITATIONS.—Such section is further 
amended— 
(1) by striking subsection (i); 
(2) by redesignating subsections (g) and (h) 
as subsections (h) and (i), respectively; and 
(3) by inserting after subsection (f) the fol-
lowing new subsection (g): 
‘‘(g) LIMITATIONS.— 
‘‘(1) ASSISTANCE OTHERWISE PROHIBITED BY 
LAW.—The Secretary of Defense may not use 
the authority in subsection (a) to provide 
any type of assistance described in sub-
section (c) that is otherwise prohibited by 
any provision of law. 
‘‘(2) PROHIBITION
ON
ASSISTANCE
TO
UNITS 
THAT HAVE COMMITTED GROSS VIOLATIONS OF 
HUMAN RIGHTS.—The provision of assistance 
pursuant to a program under subsection (a) 
shall be subject to the provisions of section 
362 of title 10, United States Code. 
‘‘(3) SECURITY
COOPERATION.—Assistance, 
training, and exercises with recipient coun-
tries described in subsection (b) shall be 
planned and prioritized consistent with ap-
plicable guidance relating to the security co-
operation program and activities of the De-
partment of Defense. 
‘‘(4) ASSESSMENT, MONITORING, AND EVALUA-
TION.—The provision of assistance and train-
ing pursuant to a program under subsection 
(a) shall be subject to the provisions of sec-
tion 383 of title 10, United States Code.’’. 
(h) NOTICE TO CONGRESS ON ASSISTANCE AND 
TRAINING.—Subsection (h)(1) of such section, 
as so redesignated, is amended— 
(1) by amending subparagraph (B) to read 
as follows: 
‘‘(B) A detailed justification of the pro-
gram for the provision of the assistance or 
training 
concerned, 
its 
relationship 
to 
United States security interests, and an ex-
planation of the manner in which such as-
sistance or training will increase multilat-
eral maritime security cooperation or mari-
time domain awareness.’’; and 
(2) in subparagraph (G) by striking ‘‘the ge-
ographic combatant command concerned’’ 
and inserting ‘‘the United States Indo-Pa-
cific Command’’. 
(i) 
ANNUAL
MONITORING
REPORT.—Sub-
section (i) of such section, as so redesig-
nated, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)— 
(A) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A), by striking ‘‘March 1, 2020’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘March 1, 2022’’; 
(B) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) 
through (G) as subparagraphs (B) through 
(H), respectively; 
(C) by inserting before subparagraph (B), as 
so redesignated, the following new subpara-
graph (A): 
‘‘(A) The overall strategy for improving 
multilateral maritime security cooperation 
and maritime domain awareness across the 
theater, including an identification of the 
following: 
‘‘(i) Priority countries and associated capa-
bilities across the theater. 
‘‘(ii) Strategic objectives for the Indo-Pa-
cific Maritime Security Initiative across the 
theater, lines of effort, and desired end re-
sults for such lines of effort. 
‘‘(iii) Significant challenges to improving 
multilateral maritime security cooperation 
and maritime domain awareness across the 
theater and the manner in which the United 
States Indo-Pacific Command is seeking to 
address such challenges.’’; and 
(D) in subparagraph (B), as so redesig-
nated— 
(i) in clause (ii), by striking the semicolon 
and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(ii) by adding at the end the following new 
clause: 
‘‘(iii) how such capabilities can be lever-
aged to improve multilateral maritime secu-
rity 
cooperation 
and 
maritime 
domain 
awareness.’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘sub-
section (g)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection 
(h)(2)’’. 
(j) EXPIRATION.—Subsection (j) of such sec-
tion is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 
2025’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2027’’. 
SEC. 1242. EXTENSION AND MODIFICATION OF 
PACIFIC DETERRENCE INITIATIVE. 
(a) EXTENSION.—Subsection (c) of section 
1251 of the William M. (Mac) Thornberry Na-
tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal 
Year 2021 (Public Law 116–283) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2021’’ and in-
serting ‘‘fiscal year 2022’’; 
(2) by striking ‘‘$2,234,958,000 is’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘such sums as may be necessary are’’; 
and 
(3) by striking ‘‘, as specified in the fund-
ing tables in division D of this Act’’. 
(b) REPORT ON RESOURCING UNITED STATES 
DEFENSE
REQUIREMENTS
FOR
THE
INDO-PA-
CIFIC
REGION
AND
STUDY
ON
COMPETITIVE 
STRATEGIES.—Such section is further amend-
ed— 
(1) 
by 
redesignating 
subsections 
(d) 
through (g) as subsections (e) through (h), re-
spectively; 
(2) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-
lowing new subsection (d): 
‘‘(d) REPORT ON RESOURCING UNITED STATES 
DEFENSE
REQUIREMENTS
FOR
THE
INDO-PA-
CIFIC
REGION
AND
STUDY
ON
COMPETITIVE 
STRATEGIES.— 
‘‘(1) REPORT REQUIRED.— 
‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—At the same time as the 
submission of the budget of the President 
(submitted to Congress pursuant to section 
1105 of title 31, United States Code) for fiscal 
year 2023, and annually thereafter through 
fiscal year 2025, the Commander of the 
United States Indo-Pacific Command shall 
submit to the congressional defense commit-
tees a report containing the independent as-
sessment of the Commander with respect to 
the activities and resources required, for the 
first fiscal year beginning after the date of 
submission of the report and the four fol-
lowing fiscal years, to achieve the following 
objectives: 
‘‘(i) The implementation of the National 
Defense Strategy with respect to the Indo- 
Pacific region. 
‘‘(ii) The maintenance or restoration of the 
comparative 
military 
advantage 
of 
the 
United States with respect to the People’s 
Republic of China. 
‘‘(iii) The reduction of the risk of exe-
cuting contingency plans of the Department 
of Defense. 
‘‘(B) MATTERS TO BE INCLUDED.—The report 
required under subparagraph (A) shall in-
clude the following: 
‘‘(i) With respect to the achievement of the 
objectives described in subparagraph (A), a 
description of the intended force structure 
and posture of assigned and allocated forces 
in each of the following: 
‘‘(I) West of the International Date Line. 
‘‘(II) In States outside the contiguous 
United States east of the International Date 
Line. 
‘‘(III) In the contiguous United States. 
‘‘(ii) An assessment of capabilities require-
ments to achieve such objectives. 
‘‘(iii) An assessment of logistics require-
ments, including personnel, equipment, sup-
plies, storage, and maintenance needs to 
achieve such objectives. 
‘‘(iv) An identification of required infra-
structure and military construction invest-
ments to achieve such objectives. 
‘‘(v) An assessment of security cooperation 
activities or resources required to achieve 
such objectives. 
‘‘(vi)(I) A plan to fully resource United 
States force posture and capabilities, includ-
ing— 
‘‘(aa) a detailed assessment of the re-
sources necessary to address the elements 
described in clauses (i) through (v), including 
specific cost estimates for recommended in-
vestments or projects— 
‘‘(AA) to modernize and strengthen the 
presence of the United States Armed Forces, 
including those with advanced capabilities; 
‘‘(BB) to improve logistics and mainte-
nance capabilities and the pre-positioning of 
equipment, munitions, fuel, and materiel; 
‘‘(CC) to carry out a program of exercises, 
training, experimentation, and innovation 
for the joint force; 
‘‘(DD) to improve infrastructure to en-
hance the responsiveness and resiliency of 
the United States Armed Forces; 
‘‘(EE) to build the defense and security ca-
pabilities, capacity, and cooperation of allies 
and partners; and 
‘‘(FF) to improve capabilities available to 
the United States Indo-Pacific Command; 
‘‘(bb) a detailed timeline to achieve the in-
tended force structure and posture described 
in clause (i). 
‘‘(II) The specific cost estimates required 
by subclause (I)(aa) shall, to the maximum 
extent practicable, include the following: 
‘‘(aa) With respect to procurement ac-
counts— 
‘‘(AA) amounts displayed by account, 
budget activity, line number, line item, and 
line item title; and 
‘‘(BB) a description of the requirements for 
each such amount. 
‘‘(bb) With respect to research, develop-
ment, test, and evaluation accounts— 
‘‘(AA) amounts displayed by account, 
budget activity, line number, program ele-
ment, and program element title; and 
‘‘(BB) a description of the requirements for 
each such amount. 
‘‘(cc) With respect to operation and main-
tenance accounts— 
‘‘(AA) amounts displayed by account title, 
budget activity title, line number, and sub-
activity group title; and 
‘‘(BB) a description of the specific manner 
in which each such amount would be used. 
‘‘(dd) With respect to military personnel 
accounts— 
‘‘(AA) amounts displayed by account, 
budget activity, budget subactivity, and 
budget subactivity title; and 
‘‘(BB) a description of the requirements for 
each such amount. 
‘‘(ee) With respect to each project under 
military construction accounts (including 
unspecified minor military construction and 
amounts for planning and design), the coun-
try, location, project title, and project 
amount for each fiscal year. 
‘‘(ff) With respect to any expenditure or 
proposed appropriation not described in 
items (aa) through (ee), a level of detail 
equivalent to or greater than the level of de-
tail provided in the future-years defense pro-
gram submitted pursuant to section 221(a) of 
title 10, United States Code. 
‘‘(C) FORM.—The report required under sub-
paragraph (A) may be submitted in classified 
form, but shall include an unclassified sum-
mary. 
‘‘(D) AVAILABILITY.—Not later than Feb-
ruary 1 each year, the Commander of the 
United States Indo-Pacific Command shall 
make the report available to the Secretary 
of Defense, the Under Secretary of Defense 
for Policy, the Under Secretary of Defense 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00069
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 80-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8612 
November 19, 2021 
(Comptroller), the Director of Cost Assess-
ment and Program Evaluation, the Chair-
man of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, the Secre-
taries of the military departments, and the 
chiefs of staff of each military service. 
‘‘(2) BRIEFINGS REQUIRED.— 
‘‘(A) INITIAL BRIEFING.—Not later than 15 
days after the submission of the budget of 
the President (submitted to Congress pursu-
ant to section 1105 of title 31, United States 
Code) for fiscal year 2023, the Secretary of 
Defense (acting through the Under Secretary 
of Defense for Policy, the Under Secretary of 
Defense (Comptroller), and the Director of 
Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation) 
and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff 
shall provide to the congressional defense 
committees a joint briefing, and any written 
comments the Secretary of Defense and the 
Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff con-
sider necessary, with respect to their assess-
ments of the report submitted under para-
graph (1), including their assessments of the 
feasibility and advisability of the plan re-
quired by subparagraph (B)(vi) of that para-
graph. 
‘‘(B) SUBSEQUENT BRIEFING.—Not later than 
30 days after the submission of the budget of 
the President (submitted to Congress pursu-
ant to section 1105 of title 31, United States 
Code) for each of fiscal years 2024 and 2025, 
the Secretary of the Air Force, the Secretary 
of the Army, and the Secretary of the Navy 
shall provide to the congressional defense 
committees a joint briefing, and documents 
as appropriate, with respect to their assess-
ments of the report submitted under para-
graph (1), including their assessments of the 
feasibility and advisability of the plan re-
quired by subparagraph (B)(vi) of that para-
graph.’’; 
(3) by amending subsection (e), as redesig-
nated, to read as follows: 
‘‘(e) PLAN REQUIRED.—At the same time as 
the submission of the budget of the Presi-
dent (submitted to Congress pursuant to sec-
tion 1105 of title 31, United States Code) for 
fiscal year 2023, and annually thereafter 
through fiscal year 2025, the Secretary, in 
consultation with the Commander of the 
United States Indo-Pacific Command, shall 
submit to the congressional defense commit-
tees a report on future year activities and re-
sources for the Initiative that includes the 
following: 
‘‘(1) A description of the activities and re-
sources for the first fiscal year beginning 
after the date of submission of the report 
and the plan for not fewer than the four fol-
lowing fiscal years, organized— 
‘‘(A) functionally, by the activities de-
scribed in paragraphs (1) through (5) of sub-
section (b); and 
‘‘(B) geographically by— 
‘‘(i) areas west of the International Date 
Line; 
‘‘(ii) States outside the contiguous United 
States east of the International Date Line; 
and 
‘‘(iii) States in the contiguous United 
States. 
‘‘(2) A summary of progress made toward 
achieving the purposes of the Initiative. 
‘‘(3) A summary of the activity, resource, 
capability, infrastructure, and logistics re-
quirements necessary to achieve measurable 
progress in reducing risk to the joint force’s 
ability to achieve objectives in the region. 
‘‘(4) A detailed timeline to achieve the re-
quirements identified under paragraph (3). 
‘‘(5) A detailed explanation of any signifi-
cant modifications to such requirements, as 
compared to plans previously submitted 
under this subsection. 
‘‘(6) Any other matter, as determined by 
the Secretary.’’; and 
(4) in subsection (g), as redesignated, by 
striking ‘‘subsection (e)’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-
section (f)’’. 
SEC. 1243. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY TO TRANS-
FER FUNDS FOR BIEN HOA DIOXIN 
CLEANUP. 
Section 1253(b) of the William M. (Mac) 
Thornberry National Defense Authorization 
Act for Fiscal Year 2021 (Public Law 116–283) 
is amended by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2021’’ and 
inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2022’’. 
SEC. 1244. COOPERATIVE PROGRAM WITH VIET-
NAM TO ACCOUNT FOR VIETNAMESE 
PERSONNEL MISSING IN ACTION. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of Defense, 
in coordination with the heads of other rel-
evant Federal departments and agencies, 
may carry out a cooperative program with 
the Ministry of Defense of Vietnam and 
other entities of the Government of Vietnam 
to assist in accounting for Vietnamese per-
sonnel missing in action. 
(b) PURPOSE.—The purpose of the coopera-
tive program under subsection (a) is to carry 
out the following activities: 
(1) Collection, digitization, and sharing of 
archival information. 
(2) Building the capacity of Vietnam to 
conduct archival research, investigations, 
and excavations. 
(3) Improving DNA analysis capacity. 
(4) 
Increasing 
veteran-to-veteran 
ex-
changes. 
(5) Other support activities the Secretary 
of Defense considers necessary and appro-
priate. 
(c) TERMINATION.—The authority provided 
by subsection (a) shall terminate on October 
1, 2026. 
SEC. 1245. ASSESSMENT OF AND PLAN FOR IM-
PROVING 
THE 
DEFENSIVE 
ASYM-
METRIC CAPABILITIES OF TAIWAN. 
(a) ASSESSMENT.—The Secretary of De-
fense, in coordination with the heads of 
other relevant Federal departments and 
agencies, shall conduct an assessment of— 
(1) the current defensive asymmetric capa-
bilities of Taiwan and the ability of Taiwan 
to defend itself from external conventional 
military threats; 
(2) the applicability of Department of De-
fense authorities for improving the defensive 
asymmetric capabilities of Taiwan in accord-
ance with the Taiwan Relations Act (Public 
Law 96–8; 22 U.S.C. 3301 et seq.); 
(3) the feasibility and advisability of as-
sisting Taiwan in the domestic production of 
defensive asymmetric capabilities, including 
through the transfer of intellectual property, 
co-development, or co-production arrange-
ments; 
(4) the plans, tactics, techniques, and pro-
cedures underpinning the defensive asym-
metric capabilities of Taiwan; 
(5) the interoperability of current and fu-
ture defensive asymmetric capabilities of 
Taiwan with the military capabilities of the 
United States and its allies and partners; 
and 
(6) any other matter the Secretary of De-
fense considers appropriate. 
(b) PLAN.—The Secretary of Defense shall 
develop a plan for assisting Taiwan in im-
proving its defensive asymmetric capabili-
ties that includes— 
(1) recommendations for new Department 
of Defense authorities, or modifications to 
existing Department authorities, necessary 
to improve the defensive asymmetric capa-
bilities of Taiwan in accordance with the 
Taiwan Relations Act (Public Law 96–8; 22 
U.S.C. 3301 et seq.); 
(2) an identification of opportunities for 
key leader and subject matter expert engage-
ment between Department personnel and 
military and civilian counterparts in Tai-
wan; and 
(3) an identification of challenges and op-
portunities for leveraging non-Department 
authorities, resources, and capabilities to 
improve the defensive asymmetric capabili-
ties of Taiwan in accordance with the Tai-
wan Relations Act (Public Law 96–8; 22 
U.S.C. 3301 et seq.). 
(c) REPORT.—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the 
Secretary of Defense shall submit to the ap-
propriate committees of Congress— 
(1) a report on the results of the assess-
ment required by subsection (a); and 
(2) the plan required by subsection (b). 
(d) DEFINITIONS.—In this section: 
(1) 
APPROPRIATE
COMMITTEES
OF
CON-
GRESS.—The term ‘‘appropriate committees 
of Congress’’ means— 
(A) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Foreign Relations, and the Se-
lect Committee on Intelligence of the Sen-
ate; and 
(B) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Per-
manent Select Committee on Intelligence of 
the House of Representatives. 
(2) DEFENSIVE ASYMMETRIC CAPABILITIES.— 
The term ‘‘defensive asymmetric capabili-
ties’’ means the capabilities necessary to de-
fend Taiwan against conventional external 
threats, including coastal defense missiles, 
naval mines, anti-aircraft capabilities, cyber 
defenses, and special operations forces. 
SEC. 1246. ANNUAL FEASIBILITY BRIEFING ON 
COOPERATION BETWEEN THE NA-
TIONAL GUARD AND TAIWAN. 
(a) SENSE OF CONGRESS.—It is the sense of 
Congress that the United States should— 
(1) continue to support the development of 
capable, ready, and modern defense forces 
necessary for Taiwan to maintain a suffi-
cient self-defense capability by increasing 
exchanges between senior defense officials 
and general officers of the United States and 
Taiwan at the strategic, policy, and func-
tional levels, consistent with the Taiwan 
Travel Act (Public Law 115–135; 132 Stat. 341), 
especially for the purposes of— 
(A) improving the interoperability of the 
military forces of the United States and Tai-
wan; 
(B) improving the reserve forces of Taiwan; 
and 
(C) expanding cooperation in humanitarian 
assistance and disaster relief; 
(2) expand and strengthen Taiwan’s capa-
bility to conduct security activities, includ-
ing traditional activities of the combatant 
commands, cooperation with the National 
Guard, and through multilateral activities; 
and 
(3) using appropriate authorities and con-
sistent with the Taiwan Relations Act (Pub-
lic Law 96–8; 22 U.S.C. 3301 et seq.), seek to 
develop a partnership between the National 
Guard and Taiwan as a means of maintaining 
a sufficient self-defense capability. 
(b) BRIEFING.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than February 
15, 2022, and annually thereafter, the Sec-
retary of Defense shall provide to the con-
gressional defense committees a briefing on 
the feasibility and advisability of enhanced 
cooperation between the National Guard and 
Taiwan. 
(2) ELEMENTS.—Each briefing required by 
paragraph (1) shall include the following: 
(A) A description of the cooperation be-
tween the National Guard and Taiwan during 
the preceding calendar year, including mu-
tual visits, exercises, training, and equip-
ment opportunities. 
(B) An evaluation of the feasibility of en-
hancing cooperation between the National 
Guard and Taiwan on a range of activities, 
including— 
(i) disaster and emergency response; 
(ii) cyber defense and communications se-
curity; 
(iii) military medical cooperation; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00070
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 81-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8613 
November 19, 2021 
(iv) Mandarin-language education and cul-
tural exchange; and 
(v) programs for National Guard advisors 
to assist in training the reserve components 
of the military forces of Taiwan. 
(C) Recommendations to enhance such co-
operation and improve interoperability, in-
cluding through familiarization visits, coop-
erative training and exercises, and co-de-
ployments. 
(D) Any other matter the Secretary of De-
fense considers appropriate. 
SEC. 1247. DEFENSE OF TAIWAN. 
(a) DEFINITIONS.—In this section: 
(1) DENY.—The term ‘‘deny’’ means to use 
combined joint operations to delay, degrade, 
and ultimately defeat an attempt by the 
People’s Republic of China to execute a fait 
accompli against Taiwan, resulting in— 
(A) the termination of hostilities or at 
least the attempted fait accompli; or 
(B) the neutralization of the ability of the 
People’s Republic of China to execute a fait 
accompli against Taiwan. 
(2) 
FAIT
ACCOMPLI.—The 
term 
‘‘fait 
accompli’’ refers to the strategy of the Peo-
ple’s Republic of China for invading and seiz-
ing control of Taiwan before the United 
States Armed Forces can respond effectively, 
while simultaneously deterring an effective 
combined joint response by the United 
States Armed Forces by convincing the 
United States that mounting such a response 
would be prohibitively difficult or costly. 
(b) STATEMENT OF POLICY.—It shall be the 
policy of the United States to maintain the 
ability of the United States Armed Forces to 
deny a fait accompli against Taiwan in order 
to deter the People’s Republic of China from 
using military force to unilaterally change 
the status quo with Taiwan. 
SEC. 1248. COMPARATIVE ANALYSES AND RE-
PORTS ON EFFORTS BY THE UNITED 
STATES AND THE PEOPLE’S REPUB-
LIC OF CHINA TO ADVANCE CRIT-
ICAL 
MODERNIZATION 
TECH-
NOLOGY WITH RESPECT TO MILI-
TARY APPLICATIONS. 
(a) COMPARATIVE ANALYSES.— 
(1) DEVELOPMENT OF PROCEDURES.— 
(A) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 270 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
the Under Secretary of Defense for Research 
and Engineering, in coordination with the 
Director of the Office of Net Assessment, 
shall develop procedures by which compara-
tive analyses, including the assessments 
under paragraph (2), shall be conducted. 
(B) ELEMENTS.—The procedures developed 
under subparagraph (A)— 
(i) shall include processes— 
(I) by which senior officials of the Depart-
ment of Defense may request that such com-
parative analyses be conducted with respect 
to a specific technology, sector, or system of 
interest; 
(II) by which teams of technical, indus-
trial, policy, intelligence, and operational 
experts consisting of personnel of the De-
partment and private sector organizations 
may be established for the purpose of con-
ducting such comparative analyses; 
(III) to ensure adequate funding to support 
the conduct of such comparative analyses; 
and 
(IV) by which classified and unclassified 
information, 
including 
necessary 
data, 
records, and technical information, may be 
shared with Department personnel for the 
purpose of carrying out such comparative 
analyses; and 
(ii) may include the development of quan-
titative and qualitative metrics for use in, 
and new intelligence collection requirements 
to support, such comparative analyses. 
(2) COMPARATIVE ANALYSIS ASSESSMENTS.— 
(A) IN GENERAL.—The Under Secretary, in 
coordination with the Director of the Office 
of Net Assessment, shall conduct a compara-
tive analysis assessment of the efforts of the 
United States Government and the Govern-
ment of the People’s Republic of China to de-
velop and deploy critical modernization 
technology with respect to military applica-
tions in each of the following areas of crit-
ical modernization technology: 
(i) Directed energy systems. 
(ii) Hypersonics. 
(iii) Emerging biotechnologies. 
(iv) Quantum science. 
(v) Cyberspace capabilities. 
(B) ELEMENTS.—Each comparative analysis 
assessment under subparagraph (A) shall in-
clude an evaluation of each of the following: 
(i) With respect to the applicable area of 
critical modernization technology described 
in subparagraph (A), research and develop-
ment activities carried out in the United 
States and the People’s Republic of China by 
governmental entities and nongovernmental 
entities. 
(ii) The ability of research programs car-
ried out by the United States Government 
and the Government of the People’s Republic 
of China to achieve the goals of— 
(I) transitioning emerging technologies 
into acquisition efforts and operational use; 
and 
(II) incorporating emerging technologies 
into military applications. 
(iii) Operational effectiveness and suit-
ability of current or planned defense systems 
of the United States and the People’s Repub-
lic of China, including relevant operational 
concepts relating to the application and 
operationalization of critical modernization 
technologies. 
(iv) The ability of defense systems of the 
United States and the People’s Republic of 
China to counter relevant threat capabili-
ties. 
(b) REPORTS.— 
(1) INITIAL REPORT.—Not later than March 
15, 2022, the Under Secretary shall submit a 
report and provide a briefing to the congres-
sional defense committees on efforts to de-
velop the procedures required by subsection 
(a)(1). 
(2) SUBSEQUENT REPORTS.— 
(A) 
DIRECTED
ENERGY
SYSTEMS
AND 
HYPERSONICS.—Not later than December 31, 
2023, the Under Secretary shall submit to the 
congressional defense committees a report 
on the results of the comparative analysis 
assessments conducted under clauses (i) and 
(ii) of subsection (a)(2)(A). 
(B) EMERGING
BIOTECHNOLOGIES, QUANTUM 
SCIENCE, AND CYBERSPACE CAPABILITIES.—Not 
later than December 31, 2024, the Under Sec-
retary shall submit to the congressional de-
fense committees a report on the results of 
the comparative analysis assessments con-
ducted under clauses (iii), (iv), and (v) of sub-
section (a)(2)(A). 
(C) ELEMENTS.—The reports required by 
subparagraphs (A) and (B) shall include the 
following for each such comparative analysis 
assessment: 
(i) The results of the evaluation of each 
element described in subsection (a)(2)(B). 
(ii) A list of countries, other than the 
United States and the People’s Republic of 
China, with significant research and develop-
ment programs and activities designed to ad-
vance the applicable area of critical mod-
ernization 
technology 
described 
in 
sub-
section (a)(2)(A), and a discussion of such 
programs and activities for each such coun-
try. 
(iii) With respect to each such area of crit-
ical modernization technology, an identifica-
tion of any area in which the degree of un-
certainty due to an insufficient knowledge 
base is such that an analysis of whether the 
United States or the People’s Republic of 
China has an advantage would be inconclu-
sive. 
(iv) A description of the limitations, con-
straints, and challenges encountered in car-
rying out the comparative analysis assess-
ment. 
(v) A description of any other research and 
development efforts or elements the Under 
Secretary considers appropriate for purposes 
of the comparative analysis assessment. 
(vi) Recommendations with respect to ad-
ditional activities by the Department nec-
essary to address the findings of the com-
parative analysis assessment. 
(D) FORM.—The reports required by sub-
paragraphs (A) and (B) shall be submitted in 
unclassified form but may contain a classi-
fied annex. 
(c) AGREEMENT WITH A FEDERALLY FUNDED 
RESEARCH
AND
DEVELOPMENT
CORPORATION 
AUTHORIZED.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—The Under Secretary may 
enter into an agreement with a federally 
funded research and development corpora-
tion under which such corporation may— 
(A) carry out any part of a comparative 
analysis assessment required by subsection 
(a); or 
(B) prepare the reports required by sub-
section (b)(2). 
(2) NOTIFICATION.—If the Under Secretary 
enters into an agreement under paragraph 
(1), the Under Secretary shall submit to the 
congressional defense committees a report 
that— 
(A) identifies the federally funded research 
and development corporation concerned; and 
(B) describes the scope of work under the 
agreement. 
(d) FUNDING.—Of the amounts authorized 
to be appropriated by this Act for fiscal year 
2022 for the Department of Defense, up to 
$5,000,000 shall be made available to the 
Under Secretary— 
(1) to carry out any part of a comparative 
analysis assessment required by subsection 
(a); or 
(2) to prepare the reports required by sub-
section (b)(2). 
SEC. 1249. MODIFICATION OF ANNUAL REPORT 
ON MILITARY AND SECURITY DEVEL-
OPMENTS INVOLVING THE PEOPLE’S 
REPUBLIC OF CHINA. 
Section 1202 of the National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2000 (10 
U.S.C. 113 note) is amended to read as fol-
lows: 
‘‘SEC. 1202. ANNUAL REPORT ON MILITARY AND 
SECURITY DEVELOPMENTS INVOLV-
ING THE PEOPLE’S REPUBLIC OF 
CHINA. 
‘‘(a) ANNUAL REPORT.—Not later than Jan-
uary 31 of each year through January 31, 
2027, the Secretary of Defense, in consulta-
tion with the heads of other Federal depart-
ments and agencies as appropriate, shall sub-
mit to the specified congressional commit-
tees a report on military and security devel-
opments involving the People’s Republic of 
China. 
‘‘(b) MATTERS TO BE INCLUDED.—Each re-
port under this section shall include anal-
yses and forecasts, through the next 20 years, 
of the following: 
‘‘(1) The goals, factors, and trends shaping 
Chinese security strategy and military strat-
egy. 
‘‘(2) The role of the People’s Liberation 
Army in the strategy, governance systems, 
and foreign and economic policies of the Peo-
ple’s Republic of China, including the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(A) Developments in the defense policy 
and military strategy of the People’s Repub-
lic of China, and the role and mission of the 
People’s Liberation Army with respect to 
such developments. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00071
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 82-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8614 
November 19, 2021 
‘‘(B) The role of the People’s Liberation 
Army in the Chinese Communist Party, in-
cluding with respect to the structure and 
leadership of the Central Military Commis-
sion. 
‘‘(C) The internal security role and affili-
ation of the People’s Liberation Army with 
the People’s Armed Police and other law en-
forcement, intelligence, and paramilitary en-
tities of the People’s Republic of China. 
‘‘(3) The role of the People’s Liberation 
Army in, and its support of, the overall for-
eign policy of the People’s Republic of China, 
as expressed through military diplomacy and 
other external actions, activities, and oper-
ations, including the following: 
‘‘(A) A description of Chinese military-to- 
military relationships with other countries, 
including— 
‘‘(i) Chinese military attache´ presence, ac-
tivities, exercises, and agreements with the 
militaries of other countries; and 
‘‘(ii) military education programs con-
ducted— 
‘‘(I) in the People’s Republic of China for 
militaries of other countries; or 
‘‘(II) in other countries for personnel of the 
People’s Liberation Army. 
‘‘(B) A description of any significant sale 
or transfer of military hardware, expertise, 
and technology to or from the People’s Re-
public of China, including— 
‘‘(i) a forecast of possible future sales and 
transfers; 
‘‘(ii) a description of the implications of 
such sales and transfers for the security of 
the United States and its partners and allies; 
and 
‘‘(iii) a description of any significant as-
sistance to and from any selling state with 
military-related research and development 
programs in the People’s Republic of China. 
‘‘(C) An assessment of relations between 
the People’s Republic of China and the Rus-
sian Federation with respect to security and 
military matters, including mutual and com-
peting interests and developments in such 
military-to-military relationship. 
‘‘(4) Developments in the military doc-
trine, operational concepts, joint command 
and organizational structures, and signifi-
cant military operations and deployments of 
the People’s Liberation Army. 
‘‘(5) Developments and future course of the 
services, theater-level commands, and para-
military organizations of the People’s Lib-
eration Army, including the following: 
‘‘(A) A description of the specific roles and 
missions, organization, capabilities, force 
structure, readiness, and modernization ef-
forts of such services, theater-level com-
mands, and paramilitary organizations. 
‘‘(B) A summary of the order of battle of 
the People’s Liberation Army, including bal-
listic and cruise missile inventories. 
‘‘(C) An assessment of developments relat-
ing to the China Coast Guard, including the 
manner in which the command structure of 
the China Coast Guard affects its status as a 
law enforcement entity, its interactions with 
the Armed Forces of the United States, and 
the implications for its use as a coercive tool 
in maritime disputes. 
‘‘(6) Developments and future course of the 
theater-level commands of the People’s Lib-
eration Army, including the roles and mis-
sions, structure, and size, location, and capa-
bilities of the strategic, land, sea, air, and 
other forces of such theater-level commands. 
‘‘(7) Developments in the People’s Libera-
tion Army as a global actor, such as overseas 
military basing, military logistics capabili-
ties and infrastructure to project power, and 
the overseas command and control structure 
of the People’s Liberation Army, including 
an assessment of Chinese overseas invest-
ments or projects likely, or with significant 
potential, to be converted into military or 
intelligence assets of the People’s Republic 
of China. 
‘‘(8) The strategy, policy, development, and 
modernization of key military capabilities of 
the People’s Republic of China across the 
People’s Liberation Army, including an as-
sessment of the following: 
‘‘(A) The cyberwarfare and electronic war-
fare capabilities of the People’s Republic of 
China (including details on the number of 
malicious cyber incidents originating from 
the People’s Republic of China against De-
partment of Defense infrastructure) and as-
sociated activities originating or suspected 
to have originated from the People’s Repub-
lic of China. 
‘‘(B) The space and counter-space programs 
and capabilities of the People’s Republic of 
China. 
‘‘(C) The nuclear program and capabilities 
of the People’s Republic of China, includ-
ing— 
‘‘(i) its nuclear strategy and associated 
doctrines; 
‘‘(ii) the size and state of its stockpile and 
projections of its future arsenals; 
‘‘(iii) its civil and military production ca-
pacities; and 
‘‘(iv) the modernization and force structure 
of its strategic forces. 
‘‘(D) The anti-access and area denial capa-
bilities of the People’s Republic of China. 
‘‘(E) The command, control, communica-
tions, computers, intelligence, surveillance, 
and reconnaissance modernization program 
and capabilities of the People’s Republic of 
China and the applications for such program 
and capabilities for the People’s Republic of 
China’s precision-guided weapons. 
‘‘(9) Trends and developments in the budg-
et, resources, strategies, and policies of the 
People’s Liberation Army with respect to 
science and technology, defense industry re-
form, and the use of espionage and tech-
nology transfers by the People’s Republic of 
China, including the following: 
‘‘(A) An assessment of the relationship be-
tween Chinese overseas investment (includ-
ing the Belt and Road Initiative, the Digital 
Silk Road, and any state-owned or state-con-
trolled digital or physical infrastructure 
projects of the People’s Republic of China) 
and Chinese security and military strategy 
objectives, including— 
‘‘(i) a description of any Chinese invest-
ment or project, located in any other coun-
try, that is linked to military or intelligence 
cooperation with such country, such as co-
operation on satellite navigation or arms 
production; and 
‘‘(ii) an assessment of the implications for 
United States military or governmental in-
terests related to denial of access, com-
promised intelligence activities, and net-
work advantages of Chinese investments or 
projects in other countries. 
‘‘(B) Efforts (including by espionage and 
technology transfers through investment, in-
dustrial espionage, cyber theft, academia, 
forced technological transfers, and other 
means) by the People’s Republic of China to 
develop, acquire, or gain access to informa-
tion, communication, space, and other ad-
vanced technologies that would enhance de-
fense capabilities or otherwise undermine 
the capability of the Department of Defense 
to conduct information assurance, including 
an assessment of the damage inflicted on the 
Department of Defense by such efforts. 
‘‘(10) The strategy of the People’s Republic 
of China regarding Taiwan and the security 
situation in the Taiwan Strait, including the 
following: 
‘‘(A) A detailed analysis of the posture of 
the forces of the People’s Liberation Army 
facing Taiwan. 
‘‘(B) An assessment of any challenges dur-
ing the preceding year to the deterrent 
forces of the Republic of China on Taiwan, 
consistent with the commitments made by 
the United States in the Taiwan Relations 
Act (Public Law 96–8; 22 U.S.C. 3301 et seq.) 
‘‘(11) The maritime strategy and military 
and nonmilitary activities in the South 
China Sea and East China Sea of the People’s 
Republic of China, including a description of 
the following: 
‘‘(A) The role and activities of the People’s 
Liberation Army and maritime law enforce-
ment and paramilitary entities of the Peo-
ple’s Republic of China. 
‘‘(B) Any such activities in the South 
China Sea or East China Sea affecting 
United States military activities or the mili-
tary activities of a United States ally or 
partner. 
‘‘(12) The current state of United States 
military-to-military contacts with the Peo-
ple’s Liberation Army, including the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(A) A comprehensive and coordinated 
strategy for such military-to-military con-
tacts and any necessary update to the strat-
egy. 
‘‘(B) A summary of all such military-to- 
military contacts during the preceding fiscal 
year including a summary of topics dis-
cussed. 
‘‘(C) A description of such military-to-mili-
tary contacts scheduled for the 1-year period 
following the period covered by the report 
and the plan for future contacts. 
‘‘(D) The Secretary’s assessment of the 
benefits the Chinese expect to gain from 
such military-to-military contacts. 
‘‘(E) The Secretary’s assessment of the 
benefits the Department of Defense expects 
to gain from such military-to-military con-
tacts, and any concerns regarding such con-
tacts. 
‘‘(F) The Secretary’s assessment of how 
such military-to-military contacts fit into 
the larger security relationship between the 
United States and the People’s Republic of 
China. 
‘‘(G) The Secretary’s certification whether 
or not any military-to-military exchange or 
contact was conducted during the period cov-
ered by the report in violation of section 
1201(a). 
‘‘(13) Any other significant military or se-
curity development involving the People’s 
Republic of China the Secretary considers 
relevant to United States national security. 
‘‘(c) FORM.—Each report required by sub-
section (a) shall be submitted in unclassified 
form but may include a classified annex. 
‘‘(d) SPECIFIED CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES 
DEFINED.—In this section, the term ‘specified 
congressional committees’ means— 
‘‘(1) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Foreign Relations, and the Se-
lect Committee on Intelligence of the Sen-
ate; and 
‘‘(2) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Per-
manent Select Committee on Intelligence of 
the House of Representatives.’’. 
SEC. 1250. FEASIBILITY REPORT ON ESTAB-
LISHING MORE ROBUST MILITARY- 
TO-MILITARY CRISIS COMMUNICA-
TIONS WITH THE PEOPLE’S REPUB-
LIC OF CHINA. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
the Secretary of Defense, in coordination 
with the heads of other relevant Federal de-
partments and agencies, shall submit to the 
appropriate committees of Congress a report 
on the feasibility and advisability of estab-
lishing 
more 
robust 
military-to-military 
communications with the People’s Republic 
of China. 
(b) ELEMENTS.—The report required by sub-
section (a) shall include the following: 
(1) An articulation of— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00072
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 83-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8615 
November 19, 2021 
(A) the importance of robust military-to- 
military communications with the People’s 
Republic of China; and 
(B) the utility of such communications to 
enable clear transmission of messages, avoid 
misunderstandings, reduce the possibility of 
miscalculation, and manage possible esca-
lation in crisis situations. 
(2) A description of the current process and 
capabilities relating to crisis communica-
tions with the People’s Republic of China, in-
cluding the means, levels of seniority, and 
timelines for such communications. 
(3) An identification of opportunities for 
improving military-to-military crisis com-
munications with the People’s Republic of 
China, including the preferred means, levels 
of seniority, and timelines for such commu-
nications. 
(4) A roadmap, including milestones, for es-
tablishing processes and capabilities associ-
ated with the opportunities identified under 
paragraph (3). 
(5) An identification of challenges to estab-
lishing more robust military-to-military cri-
sis communications with the People’s Repub-
lic of China. 
(6) Any other matter the Secretary of De-
fense considers appropriate. 
(c) APPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS 
DEFINED.—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-
priate committees of Congress’’ means— 
(1) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Appropriations, and the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; 
and 
(2) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Appropriations, and the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs of the House of 
Representatives. 
SEC. 1251. SEMIANNUAL BRIEFINGS ON EFFORTS 
TO DETER CHINESE AGGRESSION 
AND MILITARY COERCION. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than January 
15, 2022, and every 180 days thereafter 
through 2024, the Secretary of Defense shall 
provide to the congressional defense commit-
tees a briefing on Department of Defense ef-
forts to deter Chinese aggression and mili-
tary coercion. 
(b) ELEMENTS.—Each briefing required by 
subsection (a) shall include a description of— 
(1) Department efforts to strengthen deter-
rence of Chinese aggression and military co-
ercion, including below the level of armed 
conflict and outside the Indo-Pacific region; 
(2) the manner in which resources provided 
through the Pacific Deterrence Initiative are 
being applied in support of such efforts; 
(3) the extent to which such efforts are co-
ordinated with, and complement, efforts of 
other Federal departments and agencies to 
deter Chinese aggression and military coer-
cion; 
(4) the manner in which the Department 
seeks to leverage military-to-military rela-
tionships, combined training and exercises, 
information and intelligence sharing, and se-
curity assistance to allies and partners in 
support of such efforts; and 
(5) any other matter the Secretary con-
siders relevant. 
SEC. 1252. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON DEFENSE AL-
LIANCES 
AND 
PARTNERSHIPS 
IN 
THE INDO-PACIFIC REGION. 
(a) FINDINGS.—Congress makes the fol-
lowing findings: 
(1) The Interim National Security Stra-
tegic Guidance issued by the President in 
March 2021 states the following: 
(A) ‘‘For decades, our allies have stood by 
our side against common threats and adver-
saries, and worked hand-in-hand to advance 
our shared interests and values. They are a 
tremendous source of strength and a unique 
American advantage, helping to shoulder the 
responsibilities required to keep our nation 
safe and our people prosperous.’’. 
(B) ‘‘Our democratic alliances enable us to 
present a common front, produce a unified 
vision, and pool our strength to promote 
high standards, establish effective inter-
national rules, and hold countries like China 
to account.’’. 
(C) ‘‘We will reaffirm, invest in, and mod-
ernize. . .our 
alliances 
with 
Australia, 
Japan, and the Republic of Korea—which, 
along with our other global alliances and 
partnerships, are America’s greatest stra-
tegic asset.’’. 
(2) On January 19, 2021, Secretary of De-
fense Lloyd J. Austin III stated to the Com-
mittee on Armed Services of the Senate, 
‘‘[o]ur alliances and partnerships globally— 
including the defense tools at our disposal to 
engage them, and more fundamentally the 
mutual security commitments and interests 
we pursue to maintain them—are an asym-
metric strategic advantage that our com-
petitors do not possess. The strength of this 
network of defense relations cannot be taken 
for granted.’’. 
(3) On November 13, 2019, General Mark 
Milley stated to reporters, ‘‘[w]e are com-
mitted to a free and open Indo-Pacific re-
gion, and will maintain very, very close se-
curity ties with our partner nations in the 
area.’’. 
(b) SENSE OF CONGRESS.—It is the sense of 
Congress that the Secretary of Defense 
should recommit to and strengthen United 
States defense alliances and partnerships in 
the Indo-Pacific region so as to further the 
comparative advantage of the United States 
in strategic competition with the People’s 
Republic of China, including by— 
(1) enhancing cooperation with Japan, con-
sistent with the Treaty of Mutual Coopera-
tion and Security Between the United States 
of America and Japan, including by devel-
oping advanced military capabilities, fos-
tering interoperability across all domains, 
and improving sharing of information and in-
telligence; 
(2) reinforcing the United States alliance 
with the Republic of Korea, consistent with 
the Mutual Defense Treaty Between the 
United States and the Republic of Korea, in 
support of the shared objective of a peaceful 
and stable Korean Peninsula; 
(3) fostering bilateral and multilateral co-
operation with Australia, consistent with 
the Australia, New Zealand, United States 
Security Treaty, to advance shared security 
objectives and build the capabilities of 
emerging partners; 
(4) advancing United States alliances with 
the Philippines and Thailand and United 
States partnerships with other partners in 
the Association of Southeast Asian Nations 
to enhance maritime domain awareness, pro-
mote sovereignty and territorial integrity, 
and collaborate on vetting Chinese invest-
ments in strategic technology sectors and 
critical infrastructure; 
(5) broadening the engagement of the 
United States with India, including through 
the Quadrilateral Security Dialogue— 
(A) to advance the shared objective of a 
free and open Indo-Pacific region through bi-
lateral and multilateral engagements and 
participation in military exercises, expanded 
defense trade, and collaboration on humani-
tarian aid and disaster response; and 
(B) to enable greater cooperation on mari-
time security and the threat of global 
pandemics, including COVID–19; 
(6) strengthening the United States part-
nership with Taiwan, consistent with the 
Three Communique´s, the Taiwan Relations 
Act (Public Law 96–8; 22 U.S.C. 3301 et seq.), 
and the Six Assurances, with the goal of im-
proving Taiwan’s asymmetric defensive ca-
pabilities and promoting peaceful cross- 
strait relations; and 
(7) reinforcing the status of the Republic of 
Singapore as a Major Security Cooperation 
Partner of the United States and continuing 
to strengthen defense and security coopera-
tion between the military forces of the Re-
public of Singapore and the Armed Forces of 
the United States, including through partici-
pation in combined exercises and training, 
including the use of the Foreign Military 
Sales Training Center at Ebbing Air Na-
tional Guard Base in Fort Smith, Arkansas. 
Subtitle F—Reports 
SEC. 1261. REPORT ON SECURITY COOPERATION 
AUTHORITIES 
AND 
ASSOCIATED 
RESOURCING IN SUPPORT OF THE 
SECURITY FORCE ASSISTANCE BRI-
GADES. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the Secretary of De-
fense shall submit to the Committees on 
Armed Services of the Senate and House of 
Representatives a report that— 
(1) assesses the adequacy of existing De-
partment of Defense security cooperation au-
thorities and associated resourcing in sup-
port of the ability of the Security Force As-
sistance Brigades of the Army to effectively 
fulfill the security cooperation requirements 
of the combatant commands; and 
(2) identifies any gap in such authorities or 
associated resourcing. 
SEC. 1262. INDEPENDENT ASSESSMENT WITH RE-
SPECT TO ARCTIC REGION AND ES-
TABLISHMENT OF ARCTIC SECURITY 
INITIATIVE. 
(a) SENSE OF CONGRESS.—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) the security, stability, and prosperity of 
the Arctic region are vital to the national 
interests of the United States; 
(2) the United States should posture a mili-
tary capability in the region that is able to 
project power, deter acts of aggression, and 
respond, if necessary, to threats within and 
arising from the Arctic region; 
(3) the defense of the United States and its 
allies from the People’s Republic of China, 
the Russian Federation, the Democratic Peo-
ple’s Republic of Korea, and any other poten-
tial aggressor remains a top priority; 
(4) persistent efforts by the Department of 
Defense to realign United States forces in 
the Arctic region, and commit additional as-
sets to and increase investments in the Arc-
tic region, are necessary to maintain a ro-
bust United States commitment to the Arc-
tic region; and 
(5) the United States commitment to free-
dom of navigation and ensuring free access 
to sea lanes and overflights for the Navy and 
the Air Force remains a core security inter-
est. 
(b) INDEPENDENT ASSESSMENT.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than February 
15, 2022, the Commander of the United States 
Northern Command, in consultation and co-
ordination with the Commander of the 
United States Indo-Pacific Command, the 
Commander of the United States European 
Command, the military services, and the de-
fense agencies, shall conduct an independent 
assessment with respect to the activities and 
resources required, for fiscal years 2023 
through 2027, to achieve the following objec-
tives: 
(A) The implementation of the National 
Defense Strategy and military service-spe-
cific strategies with respect to the Arctic re-
gion. 
(B) The maintenance or restoration of the 
comparative 
military 
advantage 
of 
the 
United States in response to great power 
competitors in the Arctic region. 
(C) The reduction of the risk of executing 
operation and contingency plans of the De-
partment of Defense. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00073
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 84-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8616 
November 19, 2021 
(D) To maximize execution of Department 
operation and contingency plans, in the 
event deterrence fails. 
(2) ELEMENTS.—The assessment required by 
paragraph (1) shall include the following: 
(A) An analysis of, and recommended 
changes to achieve, the required force struc-
ture and posture of assigned and allocated 
forces within the Arctic region for fiscal 
year 2027 necessary to achieve the objectives 
described in paragraph (1), which shall be in-
formed by— 
(i) a review of United States military re-
quirements based on operation and contin-
gency plans, capabilities of potential adver-
saries, assessed gaps or shortfalls of the 
Armed Forces within the Arctic region, and 
scenarios that consider— 
(I) potential contingencies that commence 
in the Arctic region and contingencies that 
commence in other regions but affect the 
Arctic region; 
(II) use of near-, mid-, and far-time hori-
zons 
to 
encompass 
the 
range 
of 
cir-
cumstances required to test new concepts 
and doctrine; 
(III) supporting analyses that focus on the 
number of regionally postured military units 
and the quality of capability of such units; 
(ii) a review of current United States mili-
tary force posture and deployment plans 
within the Arctic region, especially of Arc-
tic-based forces that provide support to, or 
receive support from, the United States 
Northern Command, the United States Indo- 
Pacific Command, or the United States Eu-
ropean Command; 
(iii) an analysis of potential future realign-
ments of United States forces in the region, 
including options for strengthening United 
States presence, access, readiness, training, 
exercises, logistics, and pre-positioning; and 
(iv) any other matter the Commander of 
the United States Northern Command con-
siders appropriate. 
(B) A discussion of any factor that may in-
fluence the United States posture, supported 
by annual wargames and other forms of re-
search and analysis. 
(C) An assessment of capabilities require-
ments to achieve such objectives. 
(D) An assessment of logistics require-
ments, including personnel, equipment, sup-
plies, storage, and maintenance needs to 
achieve such objectives. 
(E) An assessment and identification of re-
quired infrastructure and military construc-
tion investments to achieve such objectives. 
(3) REPORT.— 
(A) IN GENERAL.—Not later than February 
15, 2022, the Commander of the United States 
Northern Command shall submit to the Sec-
retary of Defense a report on the assessment 
required by paragraph (1). 
(B) SUBMITTAL TO CONGRESS.— 
(i) IN
GENERAL.—Not later than 30 days 
after the date on which the Secretary re-
ceives the report under subparagraph (A), 
the Secretary shall submit to the congres-
sional defense committees— 
(I) a copy of the report, in its entirety; and 
(II) any additional analysis or information, 
as the Secretary considers appropriate. 
(C) FORM.—The report required by subpara-
graph (A), and any additional analysis or in-
formation 
provided 
under 
subparagraph 
(B)(i)(II), may be submitted in classified 
form, but shall include an unclassified sum-
mary. 
(c) ARCTIC SECURITY INITIATIVE.— 
(1) PLAN.— 
(A) IN
GENERAL.—Not later than 30 days 
after the date on which the Secretary re-
ceives the report under subsection (b)(3)(A), 
the Secretary shall submit to the congres-
sional defense committees a plan to carry 
out a program of activities to enhance secu-
rity in the Arctic region. 
(B) OBJECTIVES.—The plan required by sub-
paragraph (A) shall be— 
(i) consistent with the objectives described 
in paragraph (1) of subsection (b); and 
(ii) informed by the assessment required by 
that paragraph. 
(C) ACTIVITIES.—The plan shall include the 
following prioritized activities to improve 
the design and posture of the joint force in 
the Arctic region: 
(i) Modernize and strengthen the presence 
of the Armed Forces, including those with 
advanced capabilities. 
(ii) Improve logistics and maintenance ca-
pabilities and the pre-positioning of equip-
ment, munitions, fuel, and materiel. 
(iii) Carry out a program of exercises, 
wargames, education, training, experimen-
tation, and innovation for the joint force. 
(iv) Improve infrastructure to enhance the 
responsiveness and resiliency of the Armed 
Forces. 
(2) ESTABLISHMENT.— 
(A) IN GENERAL.—Not later than fiscal year 
2023, and contingent on the submittal of the 
plan required by paragraph (1), the Secretary 
shall establish a program of activities to en-
hance security in the Arctic region, to be 
known as the ‘‘Arctic Security Initiative’’ 
(in this paragraph referred to as the ‘‘Initia-
tive’’). 
(B) FIVE-YEAR PLAN FOR THE INITIATIVE.— 
(i) IN
GENERAL.—The Secretary, in con-
sultation with the Commander of the United 
States Northern Command, shall submit to 
the congressional defense committees a fu-
ture years plan for the activities and re-
sources of the Initiative that includes the 
following: 
(I) A description of the activities and re-
sources for the first fiscal year beginning 
after the date on which the Initiative is es-
tablished, and the plan for not fewer than 
the four subsequent fiscal years, organized 
by the activities described in paragraph 
(1)(C). 
(II) A summary of progress made toward 
achieving the objectives described in sub-
section (b)(1). 
(III) A summary of the activity, resource, 
capability, infrastructure, and logistics re-
quirements necessary to achieve measurable 
progress in reducing risk to the ability of the 
joint force to achieve objectives in the Arc-
tic region, including, as appropriate, invest-
ments in— 
(aa) active and passive defenses against— 
(AA) manned aircraft, surface vessels, and 
submarines; 
(BB) unmanned naval systems; 
(CC) unmanned aerial systems; and 
(DD) 
theater 
cruise, 
ballistic, 
and 
hypersonic missiles; 
(bb) advanced long-range precision strike 
systems; 
(cc) command, control, communications, 
computers, intelligence, surveillance, and re-
connaissance systems; 
(dd) training and test range capacity, capa-
bility, and coordination; 
(ee) dispersed resilient and adaptive basing 
to support distributed operations, including 
expeditionary airfields and ports, space 
launch facilities, and command posts; 
(ff) advanced critical munitions; 
(gg) pre-positioned forward stocks of fuel, 
munitions, equipment, and materiel; 
(hh) distributed logistics and maintenance 
capabilities; 
(ii) strategic mobility assets, including ice-
breakers; 
(jj) improved interoperability, logistics, 
transnational supply lines and infrastruc-
ture, and information sharing with allies and 
partners, including scientific missions; and 
(kk) information operations capabilities. 
(IV) A detailed timeline for achieving the 
requirements 
identified 
under 
subclause 
(III). 
(V) A detailed explanation of any signifi-
cant modification to such requirements, as 
compared to— 
(aa) the assessment required by subsection 
(b)(1) for the first fiscal year; and 
(bb) the plans previously submitted for 
each subsequent fiscal year. 
(VI) Any other matter the Secretary con-
siders necessary. 
(ii) FORM.—The plan required by clause (i) 
shall be submitted in unclassified form but 
may include a classified annex. 
(iii) INCLUSION IN BUDGET MATERIALS.—The 
Secretary shall include the plan required by 
clause (i) in the budget materials submitted 
by the Secretary in support of the budget of 
the President for fiscal years 2023 through 
2027. 
SEC. 1263. ANNUAL REPORT AND BRIEFING ON 
GLOBAL FORCE MANAGEMENT AL-
LOCATION PLAN. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than October 31, 
2022, and annually thereafter through 2024, 
the Secretary of Defense shall provide to the 
Committees on Armed Services of the Senate 
and House of Representatives a classified re-
port and a classified briefing on the Global 
Force Management Allocation Plan and its 
implementation. 
(b) REPORT.—Each report required by sub-
section (a) shall include a summary describ-
ing the Global Force Management Allocation 
Plan being implemented as of October 1 of 
the year in which the report is provided. 
(c) BRIEFING.—Each briefing required by 
subsection (a) shall include the following: 
(1) A summary of the major modifications 
to global force allocation made during the 
preceding fiscal year that deviated from the 
Global Force Management Allocation Plan 
for that fiscal year as a result of a shift in 
strategic priorities, requests for forces, or 
other contingencies, and an explanation for 
such modifications. 
(2) A description of the major differences 
between the Global Force Management Allo-
cation Plan for the current fiscal year and 
the Global Force Management Allocation 
Plan for the preceding fiscal year. 
(3) A description of any difference between 
the actual global allocation of forces, as of 
October 1 of the year in which the briefing is 
provided, and the forces stipulated in the 
Global Force Management Allocation Plan 
being implemented on that date. 
Subtitle G—Other Matters 
SEC. 1271. MODIFICATION OF UNITED STATES- 
ISRAEL 
OPERATIONS-TECHNOLOGY 
COOPERATION WITHIN THE UNITED 
STATES-ISRAEL DEFENSE ACQUISI-
TION ADVISORY GROUP. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Section 1299M of the Wil-
liam M. (Mac) Thornberry National Defense 
Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2021 (Pub-
lic Law 116–283) is amended— 
(1) by striking the section heading and in-
serting ‘‘ESTABLISHMENT
OF
UNITED
STATES- 
ISRAEL
OPERATIONS-TECHNOLOGY
WORKING 
GROUP’’; 
(2) by amending subsection (a) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(a) REQUIREMENT.— 
‘‘(1) IN
GENERAL.—The Secretary of De-
fense, in consultation with the Secretary of 
State, shall take actions within the United 
States-Israel Defense Acquisition Advisory 
Group— 
‘‘(A) to provide a standing forum for the 
United States and Israel to systematically 
share intelligence-informed military capa-
bility requirements; 
‘‘(B) to identify military capability re-
quirements common to the Department of 
Defense and the Ministry of Defense of 
Israel; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00074
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 85-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8617 
November 19, 2021 
‘‘(C) to assist defense suppliers in the 
United States and Israel by assessing rec-
ommendations from such defense suppliers 
with respect to joint science, technology, re-
search, development, test, evaluation, and 
production efforts; 
‘‘(D) to develop, as feasible and advisable, 
combined United States-Israel plans to re-
search, develop, procure, and field weapon 
systems and military capabilities as quickly 
and economically as possible to meet com-
mon capability requirements of the Depart-
ment and the Ministry of Defense of Israel; 
and 
‘‘(E) to seek ways to broaden Israeli co-
operation with— 
‘‘(i) the signatories of the Abraham Ac-
cords; 
‘‘(ii) Egypt; and 
‘‘(iii) Jordan. 
‘‘(2) RULE
OF
CONSTRUCTION.—Nothing in 
this subsection shall be construed as requir-
ing the termination of any existing United 
States defense activity, group, program, or 
partnership with Israel.’’; 
(3) by amending subsection (c) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(c) ESTABLISHMENT
OF
UNITED
STATES- 
ISRAEL
OPERATIONS-TECHNOLOGY
WORKING 
GROUP
WITHIN
THE
UNITED
STATES-ISRAEL 
DEFENSE ACQUISITION ADVISORY GROUP.—Not 
later than one year after the date of the en-
actment of the National Defense Authoriza-
tion Act for Fiscal Year 2022, the Secretary 
of Defense, in consultation with the appro-
priate heads of other Federal agencies and 
with the concurrence of the Minister of De-
fense of Israel, shall establish, under the 
United States vice chairman of the United 
States-Israel Defense Acquisition Advisory 
Group, a United States-Israel Operations- 
Technology Working Group to address oper-
ations and technology matters described in 
subsection (a)(1).’’; and 
(4) in subsection (d)(2), by striking ‘‘United 
States-Israel Defense Acquisition Advisory 
Group’’ each place it appears and inserting 
‘‘United 
States-Israel 
Operations-Tech-
nology Working Group’’. 
(b) TECHNICAL
AND
CONFORMING
AMEND-
MENT.—The table of contents for the William 
M. (Mac) Thornberry National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2021 (Public 
Law 116–283) is amended by striking the item 
relating to section 1299M and inserting the 
following new item: 
‘‘Sec. 1299M. Establishment 
of 
United 
States-Israel Operations-Tech-
nology Working Group.’’. 
SEC. 1272. PROHIBITION ON SUPPORT FOR OF-
FENSIVE 
MILITARY 
OPERATIONS 
AGAINST THE HOUTHIS IN YEMEN. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—None of the funds author-
ized to be appropriated by this Act shall be 
made available to provide Department of De-
fense support for the Saudi-led coalition’s of-
fensive operations against the Houthis in 
Yemen, including for coalition strikes. 
(b) WAIVER.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of Defense 
may waive the prohibition under subsection 
(a) if the Secretary— 
(A) determines that such a waiver is in the 
national security interests of the United 
States; 
(B) issues the waiver in writing; and 
(C) not more than 5 days after issuing the 
waiver, submits to the Committees on 
Armed Services of the Senate and House of 
Representatives a notification that includes 
the text of the waiver and a justification for 
the waiver. 
(c) REPORT.—Not later than March 31, 2022, 
the Secretary of Defense, in consultation 
with the Director of National Intelligence 
and the Secretary of State, shall submit to 
the Committees on Armed Services of the 
Senate and House of Representatives a re-
port on the obstructions that the Depart-
ment of Defense has encountered in the de-
livery of humanitarian aid in Yemen, includ-
ing the role of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia 
and Ansar Allah in such obstruction. 
(d) RULE
OF
CONSTRUCTION.—Nothing in 
this section shall be construed to limit— 
(1) United States counterterrorism co-
operation with Saudi Arabia or the United 
Arab Emirates against al-Qaeda, the Islamic 
State of Iraq and Syria, or associated forces; 
or 
(2) United States operations to support ef-
forts to defend against ballistic missile, 
cruise missile, unmanned aerial vehicle, or 
explosive boat threats to international mari-
time traffic or civilian population centers in 
coalition countries, including locations in 
which citizens or nationals of the United 
States reside. 
SEC. 1273. REPEAL OF AUTHORIZATION OF NON- 
CONVENTIONAL ASSISTED RECOV-
ERY CAPABILITIES; MODIFICATION 
OF AUTHORITY FOR EXPENDITURE 
OF FUNDS FOR CLANDESTINE AC-
TIVITIES 
THAT 
SUPPORT 
OPER-
ATIONAL PREPARATION OF THE EN-
VIRONMENT. 
(a) REPEAL.—Section 943 of the Duncan 
Hunter National Defense Authorization Act 
for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 
Stat. 4578), as most recently amended by sec-
tion 1299D of the William M. (Mac) Thorn-
berry National Defense Authorization Act 
for Fiscal Year 2021 (Public Law 116–283), is 
repealed on December 31, 2022. 
(b) PLAN REQUIRED.— 
(1) IN
GENERAL.—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the 
congressional defense committees a plan for 
transitioning the funding for activities cur-
rently conducted under the authority pro-
vided by such section 943 to the authority 
provided by section 127f of title 10, United 
States Code. 
(2) ELEMENTS.—The plan required by para-
graph (1) shall include the following: 
(A) An identification of the non-conven-
tional assisted recovery activities to be 
transitioned to the authority provided by 
such section 127f. 
(B) An identification of any legislative 
changes to such section 127f necessary to ac-
commodate the transition of activities cur-
rently funded under such section 943. 
(C) Any other matter the Secretary con-
siders relevant. 
(c) MODIFICATION
OF AUTHORITY
FOR EX-
PENDITURE
OF FUNDS
FOR CLANDESTINE AC-
TIVITIES THAT SUPPORT OPERATIONAL PREPA-
RATION OF THE ENVIRONMENT.—Section 127f of 
title 10, United States Code, is amended by 
adding at the end the following new sub-
section: 
‘‘(f) NON-CONVENTIONAL
ASSISTED
RECOV-
ERY CAPABILITIES.— Funding used to estab-
lish, develop, and maintain non-conventional 
assisted recovery capabilities under this sec-
tion shall only be obligated and expended 
with the concurrence of the relevant Chief of 
Mission or Chiefs of Mission.’’. 
SEC. 1274. EXTENSION AND MODIFICATION OF 
AUTHORITY 
FOR 
CERTAIN 
PAY-
MENTS TO REDRESS INJURY AND 
LOSS. 
(a) EXTENSION.—Subsection (a) of section 
1213 of the National Defense Authorization 
Act for Fiscal Year 2020 (Public Law 116–92; 
133 Stat. 1629; 10 U.S.C. 2731 note) is amended 
by striking ‘‘December 31, 2022’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘December 31, 2023’’. 
(b) CONDITIONS
ON
PAYMENT.—Subsection 
(b)(1) of such section is amended to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(1) the prospective foreign civilian recipi-
ent is not otherwise ineligible for payment 
under any other provision of law;’’. 
(c) 
PROCEDURES
FOR
SUBMITTAL
OF 
CLAIMS.—Such section is further amended— 
(1) 
by 
redesignating 
subsections 
(d) 
through (h) as subsections (e) through (i), re-
spectively; and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-
lowing new subsection (d): 
‘‘(d) 
PROCEDURES
FOR
SUBMITTAL
OF 
CLAIMS.— 
‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of the Na-
tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal 
Year 2022, the Secretary of Defense shall es-
tablish procedures to receive, evaluate, and 
respond to allegations of civilian harm re-
sulting from military operations involving 
the United States Armed Forces, a coalition 
that includes the United States, or a mili-
tary organization supporting the United 
States, including by the issuance of— 
‘‘(A) a formal acknowledgment of such 
harm; 
‘‘(B) a nonmonetary expression of condo-
lence; or 
‘‘(C) an ex gratia payment. 
‘‘(2) CONSULTATION.—In establishing the 
procedures under paragraph (1), the Sec-
retary of Defense shall, as appropriate, con-
sult with the Secretary of State and non-
governmental organizations that focus on 
addressing civilian harm in conflict. 
‘‘(3) POLICY UPDATES.—Not later than one 
year after the date of the enactment of the 
National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-
cal Year 2022, the Secretary of Defense shall 
ensure that the procedures established under 
paragraph (1) are formalized through updates 
to the policy referred to in section 936 of the 
John S. McCain National Defense Authoriza-
tion Act for Fiscal Year 2019 (10 U.S.C. 134 
note).’’. 
(d) QUARTERLY REPORT.—Subsection (h) of 
such section, as redesignated, is amended by 
adding at the end the following new para-
graph: 
‘‘(3) The status of Department of Defense 
efforts— 
‘‘(A) to establish the claims procedures re-
quired under subsection (d)(1); and 
‘‘(B) to implement this section.’’. 
SEC. 1275. SECRETARY OF DEFENSE STRATEGIC 
COMPETITION INITIATIVE. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of Defense 
may provide funds for one or more Depart-
ment of Defense activities or programs de-
scribed in subsection (c) that advance United 
States national security objectives for stra-
tegic competition with near-peer rivals. 
(b) PURPOSE.—The purpose of the authority 
under subsection (a) is to support Depart-
ment efforts— 
(1) to compete asymmetrically at the stra-
tegic level within and across domains with 
near-peer rivals, including through the ful-
fillment of emergent and unanticipated re-
quirements of the combatant commands; 
(2) to counter coercion by near-peer rivals 
against United States allies and partners in 
competition short of armed conflict, includ-
ing by countering disinformation, malign 
foreign influence, and corruption by near- 
peer rivals to gain leverage or sow division; 
and 
(3) to integrate with, support, and enable 
other Federal departments and agencies to 
advance United States influence and inter-
ests. 
(c) 
AUTHORIZED
ACTIVITIES
AND
PRO-
GRAMS.—Activities and programs for which 
funds may be provided under subsection (a) 
are the following: 
(1) The provision of funds to pay for per-
sonnel expenses of foreign defense or secu-
rity personnel for bilateral or regional secu-
rity cooperation programs and joint exer-
cises, in accordance with section 321 of title 
10, United States Code. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00075
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 86-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8618 
November 19, 2021 
(2) Humanitarian and civic assistance, in 
consultation with the Secretary of State to 
the extent practicable, including— 
(A) urgent and unanticipated humani-
tarian relief and reconstruction assistance; 
and 
(B) assistance for capacity building for dis-
aster response and risk reduction. 
(3) Defense support for stabilization and 
counter-extremism activities of other Fed-
eral departments and agencies, including ac-
tivities under— 
(A) section 1210A of the National Defense 
Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2020 (Pub-
lic Law 116–92; 133 Stat. 1626); and 
(B) section 385 of title 10, United States 
Code. 
(4) Activities to build the institutional ca-
pacity of foreign national security forces, in-
cluding efforts to counter corruption, in ac-
cordance with section 332 of title 10, United 
States Code. 
(5) Activities to build the capabilities of 
the joint force and the security forces of 
United States allies and partners to conduct 
irregular warfare for strategic competition. 
(6) Activities to expose and counter foreign 
malign influence, coercion, and subversion. 
(d) FUNDING.—Amounts made available for 
activities carried out pursuant to subsection 
(a) in a fiscal year may be derived only from 
amounts authorized to be appropriated for 
such fiscal year for the Department of De-
fense for operation and maintenance, De-
fense-wide. 
(e) RELATIONSHIP TO OTHER FUNDING.—Any 
amount provided by the Secretary of Defense 
during any fiscal year out of the Secretary of 
Defense Strategic Competition Initiative for 
an activity or program described in sub-
section (c) shall be in addition to amounts 
otherwise available for that activity or pro-
gram for that fiscal year. 
(f) USE OF FUNDS.— 
(1) LIMITATIONS.—Of funds made available 
under this section for any fiscal year— 
(A) not more than $20,000,000 in each fiscal 
year is authorized to be obligated and ex-
pended under this section; and 
(B) not more than $3,000,000 may be used to 
pay for personnel expenses under subsection 
(c)(1). 
(2) PROHIBITION.—Funds may not be pro-
vided under this section for any activity that 
has been denied authorization by Congress. 
(g) ANNUAL REPORT.—Not less frequently 
than annually, the Secretary of Defense 
shall submit to the congressional defense 
committees a report on the use of the au-
thority under subsection (a). 
(h) TERMINATION.—The authority under 
subsection (a) shall terminate on September 
30, 2024. 
SEC. 1276. STRATEGIC COMPETITION INITIATIVE 
FOR 
UNITED 
STATES 
SOUTHERN 
COMMAND AND UNITED STATES AF-
RICA COMMAND. 
(a) INITIATIVE.—The Secretary of Defense 
may develop and carry out, through the De-
partment of Defense authorities specified in 
subsection (d), an initiative to support pro-
grams and activities for long-term strategic 
competition with near-peer rivals in the 
areas of responsibility of the United States 
Southern Command and the United States 
Africa Command. 
(b) PURPOSE.—The purpose of the initiative 
under subsection (a) is to support Depart-
ment efforts— 
(1) to compete strategically with, and 
counter the influence of, near-peer rivals in 
such areas of responsibility; 
(2) to counter coercion by near-peer rivals 
against United States allies and partners in 
competition short of armed conflict, includ-
ing by addressing sources of insecurity and 
other vulnerabilities that near-peer rivals 
exploit to gain leverage or sow division; 
(3) to strengthen the resilience of foreign 
security forces and ministries in such areas 
of responsibility against corruption and ma-
lign influence from near-peer rivals, includ-
ing by building institutional capabilities for 
accountability and adherence to the rule of 
law; and 
(4) to support and enable United States 
Government interagency integration and ac-
tivities that advance United States national 
security objectives for strategic competition 
with near-peer rivals, including by sup-
porting 
civilian 
efforts 
to 
address 
vulnerabilities arising from the COVID–19 
pandemic in such areas of responsibility. 
(c) PLAN.— 
(1) IN
GENERAL.—The Secretary, in con-
sultation with the Commander of the United 
States Southern Command and the Com-
mander of the United States Africa Com-
mand, shall develop and submit to the con-
gressional defense committees a plan for the 
initiative under subsection (a). 
(2) REPORT.—Not later than 120 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the 
Secretary shall submit to the congressional 
defense committees the plan developed under 
paragraph (1). 
(d) AUTHORITIES.—The authorities specified 
in this subsection are the following: 
(1) The authority of the Defense Security 
Cooperation Agency under section 332 of title 
10, United States Code, to carry out— 
(A) institutional capacity-building activi-
ties; and 
(B) the Ministry of Defense Advisors pro-
gram. 
(2) Security cooperation authorities under 
chapter 16 of title 10, United States Code. 
(3) Legal institution capacity-building au-
thority under section 1210 of the National 
Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 
2020 (Public Law 116–92; 133 Stat. 1625; 10 
U.S.C. 332 note). 
(4) Overseas humanitarian, disaster, and 
civic aid authorities under sections 404 and 
2561 of title 10, United States Code. 
(5) Joint task force authority to support 
law 
enforcement 
agencies 
conducting 
counterterrorism, counter illicit trafficking, 
and counter transnational organized crime 
activities under section 285 of title 10, United 
States Code, as added by this Act. 
(6) Stabilization activities authority under 
section 1210A of the National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2020 (Public 
Law 116–92; 133 Stat. 1626). 
(7) The authority of the Defense Environ-
mental International Cooperation program. 
(8) Any other authority the Secretary con-
siders appropriate. 
(e) NOTIFICATION TO CONGRESS.—Not later 
than 15 days before commencing the initia-
tive under subsection (a), the Secretary shall 
submit to the congressional defense commit-
tees a notification containing each of the 
following: 
(1) An identification of one or more coun-
tries in which a program under the initiative 
will be conducted. 
(2) A description of the strategic objectives 
of each such program. 
(3) The budget and timetable for imple-
menting and completing each such program. 
(4) A description of the arrangements, if 
any, for a host country to sustain such a pro-
gram or any capability developed by such a 
program. 
(f) REPORT.—Beginning in the fiscal year in 
which the Secretary commences the initia-
tive under subsection (a), and annually 
thereafter through the fiscal year in which 
the initiative terminates under subsection 
(h), the Secretary shall submit to the con-
gressional defense committees a report on 
the implementation of the initiative. 
(g) FUNDING.—Amounts for programs and 
activities carried out under subsection (a) in 
a fiscal year may be derived from amounts 
authorized to be appropriated for such fiscal 
year for the Department of Defense for oper-
ations and maintenance. 
(h) TERMINATION.—The authority for the 
initiative under subsection (a) shall termi-
nate on December 31, 2024. 
SEC. 1277. MODIFICATION OF NOTIFICATION RE-
QUIREMENTS FOR SENSITIVE MILI-
TARY OPERATIONS. 
Section 130f(d)(1) of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘; or’’ 
and inserting a semicolon; 
(2) in subparagraph (B), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
subparagraph: 
‘‘(C) an operation conducted by the armed 
forces to free an individual from the control 
of hostile foreign forces.’’. 
SEC. 1278. SPECIAL OPERATIONS FORCES JOINT 
OPERATING 
CONCEPT 
FOR 
COM-
PETITION AND CONFLICT. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Spe-
cial Operations and Low-Intensity Conflict 
and the Commander of the United States 
Special Operations Command shall jointly 
submit to the congressional defense commit-
tees a Special Operations Forces joint oper-
ating concept for competition and conflict. 
(b) ELEMENTS.—The joint operating con-
cept required by subsection (a) shall include 
the following: 
(1) A detailed description of the manner in 
which Special Operations Forces will be ex-
pected to operate in the future across the 
spectrum of operations, including operations 
below the threshold of traditional armed 
conflict, crisis, and armed conflict. 
(2) An explanation of the roles and respon-
sibilities of the National Mission Force and 
the Theater Special Operations Forces, in-
cluding how such forces will be integrated 
with each other and with general purpose 
forces. 
(3) An articulation of the required capabili-
ties of the special operations forces. 
(4) An explanation of the manner in which 
the joint operating concept relates to and 
fits within the joint warfighting concept pro-
duced by the Joint Chiefs of Staff. 
(5) An explanation of the manner in which 
the joint operating concept relates to and in-
tegrates into the operating concepts of the 
Armed Forces. 
(6) Any other matter the Assistant Sec-
retary and the Commander consider rel-
evant. 
SEC. 1279. PLAN FOR PROVISION OF INFORMA-
TION SUPPORT TO COMMANDERS OF 
THE COMBATANT COMMANDS. 
(a) PLAN REQUIRED.— 
(1) IN
GENERAL.—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
the Under Secretary of Defense for Intel-
ligence and Security, in coordination with 
the Director of National Intelligence, shall 
develop a plan for more effectively fulfilling 
the intelligence and information require-
ments of the combatant commands with re-
spect to efforts by the combatant commands 
to expose and counter foreign malign influ-
ence, coercion, and subversion activities un-
dertaken by, or at the direction, on behalf, 
or with substantial support of the govern-
ments of, covered foreign countries. 
(2) ELEMENTS.—The plan required by para-
graph (1) shall include the following: 
(A) A review of current policies and proce-
dures relating to the provision, sharing, and 
declassification of intelligence gathered by 
the Defense Intelligence Enterprise to sup-
port such efforts. 
(B) A plan for improving the quality and 
timeliness of intelligence and information 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00076
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 87-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8619 
November 19, 2021 
provided to the commanders of the combat-
ant commands to aid in such efforts, includ-
ing mechanisms to enable the disclosure of 
foreign malign influence, coercion, and sub-
version activities— 
(i) in appropriate classified venues, in col-
laboration with relevant allies and partners; 
or 
(ii) as unclassified information for public 
release. 
(C) A plan to better leverage open-source 
and commercially available information and 
independent analysis to support such efforts. 
(D) An identification of any additional re-
sources or legislative authority necessary to 
better meet such intelligence and informa-
tion requirements. 
(E) An assignment of responsibilities and 
timelines for the implementation of the 
plans described in subparagraphs (B) and (C). 
(F) Any other matter the Under Secretary 
of Defense for Intelligence and Security con-
siders relevant. 
(b) REPORT.—Not later than 90 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the 
Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence 
and Security, in coordination with the Direc-
tor of National Intelligence, shall submit to 
the appropriate committees of Congress the 
plan developed under subsection (a). 
(c) COMPTROLLER GENERAL ASSESSMENT.— 
Not later than 45 days after the date on 
which the plan is submitted under subsection 
(b), the Comptroller General of the United 
States shall submit to the appropriate com-
mittees of Congress an assessment of the suf-
ficiency of the plan for meeting such intel-
ligence and information requirements. 
(d) DEFINITIONS.—In this section: 
(1) 
APPROPRIATE
COMMITTEES
OF
CON-
GRESS.—The term ‘‘appropriate committees 
of Congress’’ means— 
(A) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Appropriations, and the Se-
lect Committee on Intelligence of the Sen-
ate; and 
(B) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Appropriations, and the Per-
manent Select Committee on Intelligence of 
the House of Representatives. 
(2) COVERED FOREIGN COUNTRY.—The term 
‘‘covered foreign country’’ means any of the 
following: 
(A) The People’s Republic of China. 
(B) The Russian Federation. 
(C) The Islamic Republic of Iran. 
(D) The Democratic People’s Republic of 
Korea. 
(E) Any other foreign country the Under 
Secretary of Defense for Intelligence and Se-
curity and the Director of National Intel-
ligence consider appropriate. 
SEC. 1280. INDEPENDENT REVIEW OF AND RE-
PORT ON THE UNIFIED COMMAND 
PLAN. 
(a) REVIEW REQUIRED.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of Defense 
shall provide for an independent review of 
the current Unified Command Plan. 
(2) ELEMENTS.—The review required by 
paragraph (1) shall include the following: 
(A) An assessment of the most recent Uni-
fied Command Plan with respect to— 
(i) current and anticipated threats; 
(ii) deployment and mobilization of the 
Armed Forces; and 
(iii) the most current versions of the Na-
tional 
Defense 
Strategy 
and 
Joint 
Warfighting Concept. 
(B) An evaluation of the missions, respon-
sibilities, and associated force structure of 
each geographic and functional combatant 
command. 
(C) An assessment of the feasibility of al-
ternative Unified Command Plan structures. 
(D) Recommendations, if any, for alter-
native Unified Command Plan structures. 
(E) Recommendations, if any, for modifica-
tions to sections 161 through 169 of title 10, 
United States Code. 
(F) Any other matter the Secretary con-
siders appropriate. 
(3) CONDUCT OF REVIEW BY INDEPENDENT EN-
TITY.— 
(A) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary shall— 
(i) select an entity described in subpara-
graph (B) to conduct the review required by 
paragraph (1); and 
(ii) ensure that the review is conducted 
independently of the Department of Defense. 
(B) 
ENTITY
DESCRIBED.—An 
entity 
de-
scribed in this subparagraph is— 
(i) a federally funded research and develop-
ment center; or 
(ii) an independent nongovernmental insti-
tute that— 
(I) is described in section 501(c)(3) of the In-
ternal Revenue Code of 1986; 
(II) is exempt from taxation under section 
501(c) of that Code; and 
(III) has recognized credentials and exper-
tise in national security and military affairs. 
(b) REPORT TO CONGRESS.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than October 1, 
2022, the Secretary shall submit to the Com-
mittees on Armed Services of the Senate and 
House of Representatives the results of the 
review conducted under subsection (a). 
(2) FORM.—The report required by para-
graph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified 
form but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 1281. ESTABLISHMENT OF MISSION-ORI-
ENTED PILOT PROGRAMS TO CLOSE 
SIGNIFICANT CAPABILITIES GAPS. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of Defense 
shall establish, within the Strategic Capa-
bilities Office of the Office of the Secretary 
of Defense, not fewer than two mission-ori-
ented integration pilot programs with the 
objective of closing significant capabilities 
gaps by synchronizing and integrating mis-
sions across services and field agencies. 
(b) ELEMENTS.—The pilot programs estab-
lished under subsection (a) shall— 
(1) be aligned to specific outstanding oper-
ational challenges of high importance to the 
operational plans of the United States Indo- 
Pacific Command and the United States Eu-
ropean Command; 
(2) be designed to leverage industry cost 
sharing by using sources such as private eq-
uity and venture capital funding to develop 
the underlying technology and overall capa-
bility for delivery to the joint force, as a 
product or as a service, not later than five 
years after the date on which the program 
commences; 
(3) not later than three years after such 
date— 
(A) demonstrate proof of efficacy through 
operational concept experimentation and 
prototype development; and 
(B) deliver an operational capability not 
later than five years after the pilot program 
commences; 
(4) provide an operationally relevant solu-
tion for— 
(A)(i) maintaining resilient aircraft oper-
ations in and around Guam in the face of 
evolving regional threats, including large 
salvo supersonic and hypersonic missile 
threats; or 
(ii) a similar operational challenge of stra-
tegic importance and relevance to the re-
sponsibilities and plans of the United States 
Indo-Pacific Command or the United States 
European Command; and 
(B)(i) providing a resilient logistics and re-
supply capability in the face of evolving re-
gional threats, including operations within 
an anti-access-area denial environment; or 
(ii) a similar operational challenge of stra-
tegic importance and relevance to the re-
sponsibilities and plans of the United States 
Indo-Pacific Command; and 
(5) be developed to incorporate— 
(A) existing and planned Department of 
Defense systems and capabilities to achieve 
mission objectives; and 
(B) to the extent practicable, technologies 
that have dual-use commercial market po-
tential. 
(c) ROLE
OF STRATEGIC CAPABILITIES OF-
FICE.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—With respect to the pilot 
programs established under subsection (a), 
the Strategic Capabilities Office of the Office 
of the Secretary of Defense shall— 
(A) assign pilot program managers— 
(i) to coordinate and collaborate with in-
vestors, performers, combatant commands, 
and military departments to define mission 
requirements and solutions; and 
(ii) to coordinate and monitor pilot pro-
gram implementation; 
(B) provide technical assistance for pilot 
program activities, including developing and 
implementing metrics, which shall be used— 
(i) to assess the current status of the oper-
ational challenge concerned; and 
(ii) to characterize the resilience of oper-
ational approaches to known threats and sin-
gle points of failure; 
(C) provide operational use case expertise 
to participants in the pilot programs; and 
(D) serve as the liaison between the Armed 
Forces, the combatant commanders, and the 
participants in the pilot programs. 
(2) REPORTS TO CONGRESS.—Not later than 
180 days after the date of the enactment of 
this Act, and every 180 days thereafter, the 
head of the Strategic Capabilities Office of 
the Office of the Secretary of Defense shall 
submit to the congressional defense commit-
tees a report on the pilot programs. 
(d) ADDITIONAL
AUTHORITIES.—The Sec-
retary shall assess authorities required by 
the pilot program managers for the effective 
and efficient fulfillment of their responsibil-
ities, including the delegation of hiring per-
sonnel and contracting authorities. 
(e) DATA.—The Secretary shall establish 
mechanisms to collect and analyze data on 
the implementation of the pilot programs for 
the purposes of— 
(1) developing and sharing best practices 
for achieving goals established for the pilot 
programs; and 
(2) providing information to the Secretary 
and the congressional defense committees 
on— 
(A) the implementation of the pilot pro-
grams; and 
(B) related policy issues. 
(f) RECOMMENDATIONS.—Not later than two 
years after the date of the enactment of this 
Act, the Secretary shall submit to the con-
gressional 
defense 
committees 
a 
rec-
ommendation with respect to continuing or 
expanding the pilot programs. 
(g) TRANSITION OF PILOT PROGRAM RESPON-
SIBILITIES.—Beginning in fiscal year 2025, the 
Secretary may transition the responsibility 
for the pilot programs to another organiza-
tion. 
SEC. 1282. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF CER-
TAIN FUNDING FOR OPERATION AND 
MAINTENANCE. 
Of the amounts authorized to be appro-
priated by this Act for fiscal year 2022 for op-
eration and maintenance, Defense-wide, and 
available for the Office of the Secretary of 
Defense, not more than 75 percent may be 
obligated or expended until the date that is 
15 days after the date on which the Secretary 
submits to the congressional defense com-
mittees the following: 
(1) The report on the comprehensive policy 
of the Department of Defense on collective 
self-defense required by section 1754(c) of the 
National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-
cal Year 2020 (Public Law 116–92; 10 U.S.C. 
130f note). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00077
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 88-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8620 
November 19, 2021 
(2) The first quarterly report identifying 
and summarizing all execute orders approved 
by the Secretary of Defense or the com-
mander of a combatant command in effect 
for the Department of Defense as required by 
section 1744(c) of the National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2020 (Public 
Law 116–92; 10 U.S.C. 113 note). 
(3) The report on the policy of the Depart-
ment of Defense relating to civilian casual-
ties resulting from United States military 
operations required by section 936(d) of the 
John S. McCain National Defense Authoriza-
tion Act for Fiscal Year 2019 (Public Law 
115–232; 10 U.S.C. 134 note). 
TITLE XIII—COOPERATIVE THREAT 
REDUCTION 
SEC. 1301. FUNDING ALLOCATIONS; SPECIFICA-
TION OF COOPERATIVE THREAT RE-
DUCTION FUNDS. 
(a) 
FUNDING
ALLOCATION.—Of 
the 
$239,849,000 authorized to be appropriated to 
the Department of Defense for fiscal year 
2022 in section 301 and made available by the 
funding table in division D for the Depart-
ment of Defense Cooperative Threat Reduc-
tion Program established under section 1321 
of the Department of Defense Cooperative 
Threat Reduction Act (50 U.S.C. 3711), the 
following amounts may be obligated for the 
purposes specified: 
(1) For strategic offensive arms elimi-
nation, $2,997,000. 
(2) For chemical weapons destruction, 
$13,250,000. 
(3) For global nuclear security, $17,767,000. 
(4) For cooperative biological engagement, 
$124,022,000. 
(5) For proliferation prevention, $58,754,000. 
(6) For activities designated as Other As-
sessments/Administrative Costs, $23,059,000. 
(b) SPECIFICATION OF COOPERATIVE THREAT 
REDUCTION FUNDS.—Funds appropriated pur-
suant to the authorization of appropriations 
in section 301 and made available by the 
funding table in division D for the Depart-
ment of Defense Cooperative Threat Reduc-
tion Program shall be available for obliga-
tion for fiscal years 2022, 2023, and 2024. 
TITLE XIV—OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS 
Subtitle A—Military Programs 
SEC. 1401. WORKING CAPITAL FUNDS. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated for fiscal year 2022 for the use of the 
Armed Forces and other activities and agen-
cies of the Department of Defense for pro-
viding capital for working capital and re-
volving funds, as specified in the funding 
table in section 4501. 
SEC. 1402. CHEMICAL AGENTS AND MUNITIONS 
DESTRUCTION, DEFENSE. 
(a) AUTHORIZATION
OF
APPROPRIATIONS.— 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated for the Department of Defense for fis-
cal year 2022 for expenses, not otherwise pro-
vided for, for Chemical Agents and Muni-
tions Destruction, Defense, as specified in 
the funding table in section 4501. 
(b) USE.—Amounts authorized to be appro-
priated under subsection (a) are authorized 
for— 
(1) the destruction of lethal chemical 
agents and munitions in accordance with 
section 1412 of the Department of Defense 
Authorization Act, 1986 (50 U.S.C. 1521); and 
(2) the destruction of chemical warfare ma-
teriel of the United States that is not cov-
ered by section 1412 of such Act. 
SEC. 1403. DRUG INTERDICTION AND COUNTER- 
DRUG ACTIVITIES, DEFENSE-WIDE. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated for the Department of Defense for fis-
cal year 2022 for expenses, not otherwise pro-
vided for, for Drug Interdiction and Counter- 
Drug Activities, Defense-wide, as specified in 
the funding table in section 4501. 
SEC. 1404. DEFENSE INSPECTOR GENERAL. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated for the Department of Defense for fis-
cal year 2022 for expenses, not otherwise pro-
vided for, for the Office of the Inspector Gen-
eral of the Department of Defense, as speci-
fied in the funding table in section 4501. 
SEC. 1405. DEFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated for fiscal year 2022 for the Defense 
Health Program for use of the Armed Forces 
and other activities and agencies of the De-
partment of Defense for providing for the 
health of eligible beneficiaries, as specified 
in the funding table in section 4501. 
Subtitle B—Armed Forces Retirement Home 
SEC. 1411. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS 
FOR ARMED FORCES RETIREMENT 
HOME. 
There is hereby authorized to be appro-
priated for fiscal year 2022 from the Armed 
Forces Retirement Home Trust Fund the 
sum of $75,300,000 for the operation of the 
Armed Forces Retirement Home. 
Subtitle C—Other Matters 
SEC. 1421. AUTHORIZATION TO LOAN MATERIALS 
IN NATIONAL DEFENSE STOCKPILE. 
Section 6 of the Strategic and Critical Ma-
terials Stock Piling Act (50 U.S.C. 98e) is 
amended by adding at the end the following 
new subsection: 
‘‘(f) The President may loan stockpile ma-
terials to the Department of Energy or the 
military departments if the President— 
‘‘(1) has a reasonable assurance that stock-
pile materials of a similar or superior quan-
tity and quality to the materials loaned will 
be returned to the stockpile or paid for; 
‘‘(2) notifies the congressional defense 
committees (as defined in section 101(a) of 
title 10, United States Code), in writing, not 
less than 30 days before making any such 
loan; and 
‘‘(3) includes in the written notification 
under paragraph (2) sufficient support for the 
assurance described in paragraph (1).’’. 
SEC. 1422. REPEAL OF TERMINATION OF BIEN-
NIAL REPORT ON NATIONAL DE-
FENSE STOCKPILE REQUIREMENTS. 
Section 1061(i) of the National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public 
Law 114–328; 10 U.S.C. 111 note) is amended 
by striking paragraph (30). 
SEC. 1423. AUTHORITY FOR TRANSFER OF FUNDS 
TO 
JOINT 
DEPARTMENT 
OF 
DE-
FENSE-DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS 
AFFAIRS MEDICAL FACILITY DEM-
ONSTRATION FUND FOR CAPTAIN 
JAMES A. LOVELL HEALTH CARE 
CENTER, ILLINOIS. 
(a) AUTHORITY FOR TRANSFER OF FUNDS.— 
Of the funds authorized to be appropriated 
by section 1405 and available for the Defense 
Health Program for operation and mainte-
nance, $137,000,000 may be transferred by the 
Secretary of Defense to the Joint Depart-
ment of Defense–Department of Veterans Af-
fairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund 
established by subsection (a)(1) of section 
1704 of the National Defense Authorization 
Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 
123 Stat. 2571). 
(b) TREATMENT OF TRANSFERRED FUNDS.— 
For purposes of subsection (a)(2) of such sec-
tion 1704, any funds transferred under sub-
section (a) shall be treated as amounts au-
thorized and appropriated specifically for the 
purpose of such a transfer. 
(c) USE OF TRANSFERRED FUNDS.—For pur-
poses of subsection (b) of such section 1704, 
facility operations for which funds trans-
ferred under subsection (a) may be used are 
operations of the Captain James A. Lovell 
Federal Health Care Center, consisting of the 
North Chicago Veterans Affairs Medical Cen-
ter, the Navy Ambulatory Care Center, and 
supporting facilities designated as a com-
bined Federal medical facility under an oper-
ational agreement covered by section 706 of 
the Duncan Hunter National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public 
Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4500). 
TITLE XV—SPACE ACTIVITIES, STRATEGIC 
PROGRAMS, AND INTELLIGENCE MAT-
TERS 
Subtitle A—Space Activities 
SEC. 1501. DELEGATION OF AUTHORITIES TO 
SPACE DEVELOPMENT AGENCY. 
(a) PERSONNEL MANAGEMENT AUTHORITY.— 
Section 1599h(b)(1) of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subparagraph (H) as 
subparagraph (I); and 
(2) by striking the second subparagraph 
(G), as added by section 1602(b)(3) of the Wil-
liam M. (Mac) Thornberry National Defense 
Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2021 (Pub-
lic Law 116–283), and inserting the following 
new subparagraph (H): 
‘‘(H) in the case of the Space Development 
Agency, appoint individuals to a total of not 
more than 50 positions in the Agency, of 
which not more than 10 such positions may 
be positions of administration and manage-
ment of the Agency; and’’. 
(b) ADDITIONAL AUTHORITIES.— 
(1) IN
GENERAL.—Chapter 908 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(A) by redesignating the second section 
designated as section 9084, as added by sec-
tion 1601(a) of the William M. (Mac) Thorn-
berry National Defense Authorization Act 
for Fiscal Year 2021 (Public Law 116–283), as 
section 9086 and moving such section so as to 
appear after section 9085; and 
(B) in section 9086, as so redesignated, by 
adding at the end the following new sub-
section: 
‘‘(d) DELEGATION OF AUTHORITIES.— 
‘‘(1) IN
GENERAL.—To the extent prac-
ticable, the Secretary of the Air Force, act-
ing through the Service Acquisition Execu-
tive for Space, shall ensure the delegation to 
the Agency of— 
‘‘(A) head of contracting authority; and 
‘‘(B) milestone decision authority for the 
middle tier of acquisition programs. 
‘‘(2) RESCISSION.— 
‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—The Service Acquisition 
Executive for Space may rescind the delega-
tion of authority under paragraph (1) for 
cause or on a case-by-case basis. 
‘‘(B) NOTIFICATION.—Not later than 30 days 
after the date of a rescission under subpara-
graph (A), the Secretary of the Air Force 
shall notify the congressional defense com-
mittees of such rescission.’’. 
(2) TECHNICAL
AND
CONFORMING
AMEND-
MENTS.—The table of sections for chapter 908 
of title 10, United States Code, is amended— 
(A) by striking the item relating to section 
9084, as added by section 1601(b) of the Wil-
liam M. (Mac) Thornberry National Defense 
Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2021 (Pub-
lic Law 116–283); and 
(B) by adding at the end the following new 
item: 
‘‘9086. Space Development Agency.’’. 
SEC. 1502. MODIFICATION TO SPACE DEVELOP-
MENT AGENCY. 
Section 9086 of title 10, United States Code, 
as redesignated and amended by section 
1501(b)(1), is further amended by adding at 
the end the following new subsections: 
‘‘(e) ACQUISITIONS.—The Joint Capabilities 
Integration and Development System proc-
ess shall not apply to acquisitions by the 
Agency. 
‘‘(f) 
COMBATANT
COMMANDER
AND 
WARFIGHTER
COUNCIL.—Not less frequently 
than twice annually, the Director shall con-
vene 
a 
Combatant 
Commander 
and 
Warfighter Council, which shall— 
‘‘(1) establish and validate capability plans 
for the Agency; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00078
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 89-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8621 
November 19, 2021 
‘‘(2) recommend priorities for the Agency, 
as the commanders of the combatant com-
mands consider appropriate.’’. 
SEC. 1503. DISCLOSURE OF NATIONAL SECURITY 
SPACE 
LAUNCH 
PROGRAM 
CON-
TRACT PRICING TERMS. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Chapter 135 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by inserting 
after section 2276 the following new section 
2277: 
‘‘§ 2277. Disclosure of National Security Space 
Launch program contract pricing terms 
‘‘(a) IN GENERAL.—With respect to any con-
tract awarded by the Secretary of the Air 
Force for the launch of a national security 
payload under the National Security Space 
Launch program, not later than 30 days after 
entering into such a contract, the Secretary 
shall submit to the congressional defense 
committees a description of the pricing 
terms of the contract. 
‘‘(b) COMPETITIVELY SENSITIVE TRADE SE-
CRET DATA.—The congressional defense com-
mittees shall— 
‘‘(1) treat a description of pricing terms 
submitted under subsection (a) as competi-
tively sensitive trade secret data; and 
‘‘(2) use the description solely for com-
mittee purposes, subject to appropriate re-
strictions to maintain the confidentiality of 
the description. 
‘‘(c) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION.—For purposes 
of section 1905 of title 18, United States Code, 
a disclosure of contract pricing terms under 
subsection (a) shall be construed as a disclo-
sure authorized by law.’’. 
(b) CONFORMING AMENDMENT.—The table of 
sections at the beginning of chapter 135 of 
title 10, United States Code, is amended by 
inserting after the item relating to section 
2276, the following new item: 
‘‘2277. Disclosure of National Security Space 
Launch program contract pric-
ing terms.’’. 
SEC. 1504. EXTENSION AND MODIFICATION OF 
COUNCIL ON OVERSIGHT OF THE 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE POSI-
TIONING, NAVIGATION, AND TIMING 
ENTERPRISE. 
Section 2279b of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (d)(2)— 
(A) by redesignating subparagraphs (D) and 
(E) as subparagraphs (E) and (F), respec-
tively; and 
(B) by inserting after subparagraph (C) the 
following new subparagraph (D): 
‘‘(D) Alternative methods to perform posi-
tion navigation and timing.’’; and 
(2) in subsection (h), by striking ‘‘National 
Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 
2016’’ and inserting ‘‘National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2022’’. 
SEC. 1505. SENIOR PROCUREMENT EXECUTIVE 
AUTHORITY. 
(a) OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY OF THE AIR 
FORCE.—Section 9014(c) of title 10, United 
States Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘The Sec-
retary of the Air Force shall’’ and inserting 
‘‘Subject to paragraph (6), the Secretary of 
the Air Force shall’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(6) Notwithstanding section 1702 of title 
41, the Secretary of the Air Force may assign 
to the Assistant Secretary of the Air Force 
for Space Acquisition and Integration duties 
and authorities of the Senior Procurement 
Executive that relate to space systems and 
programs.’’. 
(b) DUTIES OF ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF THE 
AIR FORCE FOR SPACE ACQUISITION AND INTE-
GRATION.—Section 9016(b)(6)(B)(vi) of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by inserting 
‘‘and discharge any Senior Procurement Ex-
ecutive duties and authorities assigned by 
the Secretary of the Air Force pursuant to 
section 9014(c)(6) of this title’’ after ‘‘Space 
Systems and Programs’’. 
SEC. 1506. MODIFICATIONS TO SPACE FORCE AC-
QUISITION COUNCIL. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Section 9021 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in the section heading, by striking 
‘‘Force’’; 
(2) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘Space 
Force Acquisition Council’’ and inserting 
‘‘Space Acquisition Council’’; and 
(3) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘the Air 
Force for’’. 
(b) CONFORMING AMENDMENT.—The table of 
sections for chapter 903 of title 10, United 
States Code, is amended by striking the item 
relating to section 9021 and inserting the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘9021. Space Acquisition Council.’’. 
SEC. 1507. MODIFICATIONS RELATING TO THE AS-
SISTANT SECRETARY OF THE AIR 
FORCE 
FOR 
SPACE 
ACQUISITION 
AND INTEGRATION. 
(a) SPACE FORCE ACQUISITION COUNCIL RE-
VIEW AND CERTIFICATION OF DETERMINATIONS 
OF
THE ASSISTANT SECRETARY
OF
THE AIR 
FORCE FOR SPACE ACQUISITION AND INTEGRA-
TION.—Section 9021(c) of title 10, United 
States Code, as amended by section 1506, is 
further amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘The Council’’ and inserting 
‘‘(1) The Council’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(2)(A) The Council shall promptly— 
‘‘(i) review any determination made by the 
Assistant Secretary of the Air Force for 
Space Acquisition and Integration with re-
spect to architecture for Department of De-
fense space systems or programs under sec-
tion 9016(b)(6)(B)(i), including the require-
ments for operating such space systems or 
programs; and 
‘‘(ii)(I) if the Council finds such a deter-
mination to be warranted, certify the deter-
mination; or 
‘‘(II) if the Council finds such a determina-
tion not to be warranted, decline to certify 
the determination. 
‘‘(B) Not later than 10 business days after 
the Council makes a decision with respect to 
a certification under subparagraph (A), the 
Council shall submit to the congressional de-
fense committees a notification of the deci-
sion, including a detailed justification for 
the decision. 
‘‘(C) Except as provided in subparagraph 
(D), the Assistant Secretary of the Air Force 
for Space Acquisition and Integration may 
not take any action to implement a deter-
mination referred to in subparagraph (A)(i) 
until 60 days after the submittal of the noti-
fication under subparagraph (B). 
‘‘(D)(i) The Secretary of Defense may 
waive subparagraph (C) in the event of an ur-
gent national security condition. 
‘‘(ii) The Secretary of Defense shall submit 
to the congressional defense committees a 
notification of any waiver granted under this 
subparagraph, including a justification for 
the waiver.’’. 
(b) DEPARTMENT
OF DEFENSE SPACE SYS-
TEMS AND PROGRAMS.—Section 9016(b)(6)(B)(i) 
of title 10, United States Code, is amended to 
read as follows: 
‘‘(i) Be responsible for and oversee all ar-
chitecture and integration of the Depart-
ment of Defense for space systems and pro-
grams, with respect to their acquisition, in-
cluding in support of the Chief of Space Op-
erations under section 9082 of this title.’’. 
(c) TRANSFER OF ACQUISITION PROJECTS FOR 
SPACE
SYSTEMS
AND
PROGRAMS.—Section 
956(b)(3) of the National Defense Authoriza-
tion Act for Fiscal Year 2020 (Public Law 
116–92; 133 Stat. 1566; 10 U.S.C. 9016 note) is 
amended by inserting ‘‘and the Department 
of Defense’’ after ‘‘programs of the Air 
Force’’. 
(d) ADDITIONAL AUTHORITIES
OF CHIEF
OF 
SPACE OPERATIONS.—Section 9082(d) of title 
10, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and 
inserting a semicolon; 
(2) in paragraph (6), by striking the period 
at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(7) be the force design architect for De-
partment of Defense space systems.’’. 
SEC. 1508. MODIFICATION TO TRANSFER OF AC-
QUISITION PROJECTS FOR SPACE 
SYSTEMS AND PROGRAMS. 
Section 956(b)(3) of the National Defense 
Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2020 (Pub-
lic Law 116–92; 133 Stat. 1566; 10 U.S.C. 9016 
note), as amended by section 1507(c), is fur-
ther amended by striking ‘‘Effective’’ and in-
serting ‘‘Not later than’’. 
SEC. 1509. EXTENSION AND MODIFICATION OF 
CERTIFICATIONS REGARDING INTE-
GRATED TACTICAL WARNING AND 
ATTACK ASSESSMENT MISSION OF 
THE AIR FORCE. 
Section 1666 of the National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public 
Law 114–328; 113 Stat. 2617), as amended by 
section 1604 of the William M. (Mac) Thorn-
berry National Defense Authorization Act 
for Fiscal Year 2021 (Public Law 116–283), is 
further amended— 
(1) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘THE 
AIR FORCE’’ and inserting ‘‘THE DEPARTMENT 
OF THE AIR FORCE’’; 
(2) in subsection (a)— 
(A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1)— 
(i) by striking ‘‘each year thereafter 
through 2020’’ and inserting ‘‘each year 
thereafter through 2026’’; and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘, in consultation with the 
Commander of the United States Strategic 
Command and the Commander of the United 
States Northern Command,’’ after ‘‘the Com-
mander of the United States Space Com-
mand’’; 
(B) in paragraph (1)— 
(i) by striking ‘‘the Air Force is’’ and in-
serting ‘‘the Department of the Air Force 
is’’; and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘and the Space Force’’ 
after ‘‘to the Air Force’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘the Air 
Force’’ and inserting ‘‘the Department of the 
Air Force’’; and 
(3) in subsection (b)— 
(A) by inserting ‘‘of the United States 
Space Command’’ after ‘‘Commander’’; 
(B) by striking ‘‘system of the Air Force’’ 
and inserting ‘‘system of the Department of 
the Air Force’’; 
(C) by striking ‘‘command of the Air 
Force’’ and inserting ‘‘command of the De-
partment of the Air Force’’; and 
(D) by striking ‘‘aspects of the Air Force’’ 
and inserting ‘‘aspects of the Department of 
the Air Force’’. 
SEC. 1510. PROHIBITION ON MISSILE DEFENSE 
AGENCY 
PRODUCTION 
OF 
SAT-
ELLITES AND GROUND SYSTEMS AS-
SOCIATED 
WITH 
OPERATION 
OF 
SUCH SATELLITES. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—The Director of the Mis-
sile Defense Agency shall not authorize or 
obligate funding for a program of record for 
the production of satellites or ground sys-
tems associated with the operation of such 
satellites. 
(b) EXEMPTION FOR PRODUCTION OF PROTO-
TYPE SATELLITES.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—The Director of the Mis-
sile Defense Agency, with the concurrence of 
the Space Acquisition Council established by 
section 9021 of title 10, United States Code, 
may authorize the production of a prototype 
satellite, consistent with the requirements 
of the Missile Defense Agency. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00079
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 90-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8622 
November 19, 2021 
(2) REPORT.—Not later than 30 days after 
concurring with an authorization for the 
production of a prototype satellite under 
paragraph (1), the chair of the Space Acquisi-
tion Council shall submit to the congres-
sional defense committees a report explain-
ing the reasons for such concurrence. 
(3) LIMITATION ON OBLIGATION OF FUNDS.— 
The Director of the Missile Defense Agency 
may not obligate funds for the production of 
such a satellite before the submittal of the 
report required by paragraph (2). 
SEC. 1511. CONTINUED REQUIREMENT FOR NA-
TIONAL SECURITY SPACE LAUNCH 
PROGRAM. 
In carrying out Phase 2 of the acquisition 
strategy for the National Security Space 
Launch program, the Secretary of the Air 
Force shall ensure that launch services are 
procured only from launch service providers 
that use launch vehicles meeting Federal re-
quirements with respect to required payloads 
to reference orbits. 
SEC. 1512. LIMITATION, REPORT, AND BRIEFING 
ON USE OF COMMERCIAL SATELLITE 
SERVICES 
AND 
ASSOCIATED 
SYS-
TEMS. 
(a) LIMITATION.— 
(1) IN
GENERAL.—Except as provided in 
paragraph (2), the Secretary of Defense may 
not rely solely on the use of commercial sat-
ellite services and associated systems to 
carry out a critical defense requirement, 
such as command and control, targeting, and 
any other requirement necessary to effec-
tively execute defense operations. 
(2) MITIGATION
MEASURES.—The Secretary 
may rely solely on the use of commercial 
satellite services and associated systems to 
carry out a critical defense requirement de-
scribed in paragraph (1) if the Secretary has 
taken measures to mitigate the vulner-
ability of any such requirement. 
(b) REPORT AND BRIEFING.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not less frequently than 
quarterly through fiscal year 2030, the Sec-
retary shall submit a report and provide a 
briefing to the congressional defense com-
mittees on the extent of the reliance of the 
Department of Defense on commercial sat-
ellite services and associated systems to pro-
vide 
capability 
and 
additional 
capacity 
across the Department. 
(2) ELEMENTS.—Each report and briefing 
required by paragraph (1) shall include the 
following for the preceding quarter: 
(A) An assessment of such reliance and the 
resulting vulnerabilities. 
(B) An analysis of potential measures to 
mitigate such vulnerabilities. 
(C) A description of mitigation measures 
taken by the Secretary under subsection 
(a)(2). 
SEC. 1513. STUDY ON COMMERCIAL SYSTEMS IN-
TEGRATION INTO, AND SUPPORT OF, 
ARMED 
FORCES 
SPACE 
OPER-
ATIONS. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of the Air 
Force shall enter into an arrangement with 
a federally funded research and development 
center to conduct a study on— 
(1) the extent of commercial support of, 
and integration into, Armed Forces space op-
erations; and 
(2) measures to ensure that such oper-
ations, particularly operations that are mis-
sion critical, continue to be carried out in 
the most effective manner possible during a 
time of conflict. 
(b) ELEMENTS.—The study required by sub-
section (a) shall include an assessment of 
each of the following: 
(1) The extent to which the Department of 
Defense uses commercial satellites to sup-
port Armed Forces operations. 
(2) The anticipated increase in such use 
during the subsequent 10-year period. 
(3) In the event the Armed Forces loses ac-
cess to commercially operated space systems 
and the data provided by such systems, the 
impact on Armed Forces operations. 
(4) Steps the Department may take to 
mitigate the risk of loss of such access. 
(5) As the Department develops plans to in-
crease the resiliency of its space architec-
tures, the anticipated role of commercial 
systems in such plans. 
(6) The international agreements and orga-
nizations that govern the manner in which 
commercial entities operate systems in 
outer space. 
(7) Whether, under current international 
law, a commercial satellite used to support 
military operations is considered a legiti-
mate military target. 
(8) The extent to which owners of commer-
cial satellites are aware that such satellites 
may be targeted by a foreign power. 
(9) The current insurance coverage scheme 
for 
commercial 
satellites 
that 
support 
Armed Forces operations. 
(10) During the 10-year period ending on 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the 
frequency with which third parties have 
interfered with commercially operated sat-
ellites that support Armed Forces oper-
ations. 
(11) Any other matter the Secretary con-
siders necessary. 
(c) REPORT.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 270 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
the Secretary shall submit to the congres-
sional defense committees a report on the re-
sults of the study required by subsection (a). 
(2) FORM.—The report required by para-
graph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified 
form but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 1514. SPACE POLICY REVIEW. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of Defense, 
in consultation with the Director of National 
Intelligence, shall carry out a review of the 
space policy of the Department of Defense. 
(b) ELEMENTS.—The review required by 
subsection (a) shall include the following: 
(1) For the subsequent five-year period, an 
assessment of the threat to the space oper-
ations of the United States and its allies. 
(2) An assessment of the national security 
objectives of the Department relating to 
space. 
(3) An evaluation of the policy changes and 
funding necessary to accomplish such objec-
tives during such five-year period. 
(4) An assessment of the policy of the De-
partment with respect to deterring, respond-
ing to, and countering threats to the space 
operations of the United States and its al-
lies. 
(5) An analysis of such policy with respect 
to normative behaviors in space, including 
the commercial use of space. 
(6) An analysis of the extent to which such 
policy is coordinated with other ongoing pol-
icy reviews, including nuclear, missile de-
fense, and cyber operations. 
(7) A description of the Department’s orga-
nization and space doctrine to carry out its 
space policy. 
(8) An assessment of the space systems and 
architectures to implement such space pol-
icy. 
(9) Any other matter the Secretary con-
siders appropriate. 
(c) REPORT.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
the Secretary, in consultation with the Di-
rector, shall submit to the congressional de-
fense committees a report on the results of 
the review required by subsection (a). 
(2) ANNUAL UPDATES.—Not less frequently 
than annually for fiscal years 2024 through 
2026, and concurrent with the President’s 
budget submissions, the Secretary, in con-
sultation with the Director, shall submit to 
the congressional defense committees a re-
port describing any update to the assess-
ments, analyses, and evaluations carried out 
pursuant to such review. 
(3) FORM.—Each report required by this 
subsection shall be submitted in unclassified 
form but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 1515. ANNUAL BRIEFING ON THREATS TO 
SPACE OPERATIONS. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than February 
28 each year through 2026, the Chief of Space 
Operations, in consultation with the Direc-
tor of National Intelligence, shall brief the 
appropriate committees of Congress on the 
threats to United States space operations 
posed by the Russian Federation, the Peo-
ple’s Republic of China, and any other coun-
try relevant to the conduct of such oper-
ations. 
(b) ELEMENTS.—Each briefing required by 
subsection (a) shall include the following: 
(1) A review of the current posture of such 
threats and anticipated advances in such 
threats over the subsequent five-year period. 
(2) A description of potential measures to 
counter such threats. 
(c) APPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS 
DEFINED.—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-
priate committees of Congress’’ means— 
(1) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Appropriations, and the Se-
lect Committee on Intelligence of the Sen-
ate; and 
(2) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Appropriations, and the Per-
manent Select Committee on Intelligence of 
the House of Representatives. 
Subtitle B—Defense Intelligence and 
Intelligence-related Activities 
SEC. 1521. AUTHORITY FOR ARMY COUNTER-
INTELLIGENCE 
AGENTS 
TO 
EXE-
CUTE WARRANTS AND MAKE AR-
RESTS. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Section 7377 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in the section heading, by inserting 
‘‘and Army Counterintelligence Command’’ 
before the colon; and 
(2) in subsection (b)— 
(A) by striking‘‘any employee of the De-
partment of the Army who is a special 
agent’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘any em-
ployee of the Department of the Army who 
is— 
‘‘(1) a special agent’’; 
(B) in subparagraph (1), as designated by 
subparagraph (A), by striking the period at 
the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(2) a special agent of the Army Counter-
intelligence Command (or a successor to that 
command) whose duties include conducting, 
supervising, or coordinating counterintel-
ligence investigations involving potential or 
alleged violations punishable under chapter 
37, 113B, or 115 of title 18 and similar offenses 
punishable under this title.’’. 
(b) CLERICAL
AMENDMENT.—The table of 
sections at the beginning of chapter 747 of 
such title is amended by striking the item 
relating to section 7377 and inserting the fol-
lowing new item: 
‘‘7377. Civilian special agents of the Criminal 
Investigation 
Command 
and 
Army Counterintelligence Com-
mand: 
authority 
to 
execute 
warrants and make arrests.’’. 
SEC. 1522. ANNUAL BRIEFING BY DIRECTOR OF 
THE DEFENSE INTELLIGENCE AGEN-
CY 
ON 
ELECTRONIC 
WARFARE 
THREAT TO OPERATIONS OF THE 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than the first 
March 31 after the date of the enactment of 
this Act and not later than March 31 of each 
year thereafter until March 31, 2026, the Di-
rector of the Defense Intelligence Agency 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00080
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 91-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8623 
November 19, 2021 
shall provide the congressional defense com-
mittees, the Select Committee on Intel-
ligence of the Senate, and the Permanent Se-
lect Committee on Intelligence of the House 
of Representatives a briefing on the elec-
tronic warfare threat to operations of the 
Department of Defense by Russia and China 
as well other countries relevant to the con-
duct of such operations. 
(b) 
CONTENTS.—Each 
briefing 
provided 
under subsection (a) shall include a review of 
the following: 
(1) Current electronic warfare capabilities 
of the armed forces of Russia, the armed 
forces of China, and the armed forces of such 
other countries as the Director considers ap-
propriate. 
(2) An estimate, for the five-year period be-
ginning after the date of the briefing of the 
following: 
(A) Advances in electronic warfare threats 
to the operations of the Department from 
the countries referred to in paragraph (1). 
(B) The order of battle for Russia, China, 
and each other country the Secretary con-
siders appropriate. 
Subtitle C—Nuclear Forces 
SEC. 1531. PARTICIPATION IN UNITED STATES 
STRATEGIC COMMAND STRATEGIC 
DETERRENCE EXERCISES. 
(a) SENSE OF THE SENATE.—It is the sense 
of the Senate that— 
(1) presidential decisions to consider or au-
thorize the use of nuclear weapons are of 
critical national importance, and should be 
informed by senior officials and staff who are 
intimately familiar with the likely scenarios 
in which such use might be contemplated 
and trained in the associated consultation 
and communications processes; 
(2) in a world in which emerging tech-
nologies are rapidly changing the nature of 
conflict, the considerations surrounding the 
use of nuclear weapons have become even 
more complex, challenging even those most 
experienced with the intricacies of nuclear 
employment decision-making processes, and 
that now, more than ever, effective crisis 
management requires improved senior leader 
understanding of the complexities of deter-
rence, escalation and de-escalation, and the 
range of options available across all phases 
of a crisis or conflict; 
(3) as a result of the concerns described in 
paragraph (2), section 1669 of the John S. 
McCain National Defense Authorization Act 
for Fiscal Year 2019 (Public Law 115–232; 132 
Stat. 2156) directed the Secretary of Defense 
to contract with a federally funded research 
and development center to conduct a study 
on the potential benefits and risks of options 
to increase the time the President has to 
make a decision regarding the employment 
of nuclear weapons; 
(4) the resulting report, completed by the 
Institute for Defense Analyses, found that, 
‘‘For the underlying system to have the best 
chance of giving a president all of the deci-
sion time the circumstances afford, trusted 
advisors cannot be starting to become famil-
iar with nuclear weapons and operations in 
the midst of a crisis. Consequently, a rel-
atively simple path to maximizing presi-
dential decision time focuses on preparing 
principals for a type of decision or situation 
that will be different than anything they 
have encountered previously in their ca-
reers.’’; 
(5) in 2020, the Defense Science Board 
reached a similar recommendation in assess-
ing the national leadership command capa-
bility, which was to ‘‘establish an exercise, 
testing, and learning regimen that is sus-
tained and provides the principal source of 
areas for continuous improvement in capa-
bilities and processes’’; 
(6) such preparation is best achieved 
through participation in realistic and oper-
ationally relevant simulations of scenarios 
in which a decision to authorize the use of 
nuclear weapons might reasonably be consid-
ered and, accordingly, senior officials, advi-
sors to the President, and staff should lever-
age any and all opportunities to improve 
their familiarity with such scenarios and 
processes; and 
(7) because of the highly classified nature 
of such activities, the most appropriate 
means of improving familiarity with such 
scenarios and processes is through participa-
tion in annual exercises organized and exe-
cuted by the United States Strategic Com-
mand and Joint Staff or through other ap-
propriate nuclear and command control ex-
ercises conducted on a regular basis. 
(b) PARTICIPATION IN UNITED STATES STRA-
TEGIC COMMAND STRATEGIC DETERRENCE EX-
ERCISES.— 
(1) IN
GENERAL.—Chapter 24 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at 
the end the following new section: 
‘‘§ 499b. Participation in United States Stra-
tegic Command strategic deterrence exer-
cises 
‘‘(a) IN GENERAL.—In the case of annual 
strategic deterrence exercises held by the 
United States Strategic Command during 
fiscal years 2022 through 2032— 
‘‘(1) the Assistant to the President for Na-
tional Security Affairs is encouraged to par-
ticipate in each such exercise that occurs 
during an even-numbered year; 
‘‘(2) the Deputy Assistant to the President 
for National Security Affairs is encouraged 
to participate in each such exercise that oc-
curs during an odd-numbered year; 
‘‘(3) the Under Secretary of Defense for 
Policy shall participate, in whole or in part, 
in each such exercise; 
‘‘(4) the Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs 
of Staff shall participate, in whole or in part, 
in each such exercise; 
‘‘(5) appropriate senior staff of the Execu-
tive Office of the President or appropriate 
organizations supporting the White House 
relating to continuity of government activi-
ties are encouraged to participate in each 
such exercise; 
‘‘(6) appropriate general or flag officers of 
the military departments, and appropriate 
employees of Federal agencies in Senior Ex-
ecutive Service positions (as defined in sec-
tion 3132 of title 5, United States Code), shall 
participate, in whole or in part, in each such 
exercise, to provide relevant expertise to the 
Assistant to the President for National Secu-
rity Affairs and the Deputy Assistant to the 
President for National Security Affairs; and 
‘‘(7) in the case of such an exercise for 
which a unified combatant command has a 
geographic area of responsibility relevant to 
the scenario planned to be used for the exer-
cise, not fewer than two of the following in-
dividuals from that command shall partici-
pate, in whole or in part, in the exercise: 
‘‘(A) The Commander. 
‘‘(B) The Deputy Commander. 
‘‘(C) The Director of the Joint Staff for Op-
erations. 
‘‘(D) The Director of the Joint Staff for 
Strategic Plans and Policy. 
‘‘(b) REPORTS REQUIRED.—(1) Not later than 
30 days after the completion of an annual 
strategic deterrence exercise described in 
subsection (a), the Commander of the United 
States Strategic Command shall submit to 
the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and 
the Secretary of Defense a report on the ex-
ercise, which, at a minimum, shall include 
the following: 
‘‘(A) A description of the purpose and scope 
of the exercise. 
‘‘(B) An identification of the principal per-
sonnel participating in the exercise. 
‘‘(C) A statement of the principal findings 
resulting from the exercise that specifically 
relate to the nuclear command, control, and 
communications or senior leader decision- 
making process and a description of any defi-
ciencies in that process identified a result of 
the exercise. 
‘‘(2) Not later than 60 days after the com-
pletion of an annual strategic deterrence ex-
ercise described in subsection (a), the Sec-
retary shall transmit to the congressional 
defense committees— 
‘‘(A) an unedited copy of the report of the 
Commander submitted under paragraph (1); 
and 
‘‘(B) any additional recommendations or 
other matters the Secretary considers appro-
priate.’’. 
(2) CLERICAL
AMENDMENT.—The table of 
sections for chapter 24 of such title is amend-
ed by adding at the end the following new 
item: 
‘‘499b. Participation in annual United States 
Strategic Command strategic 
deterrence exercises.’’. 
SEC. 1532. MODIFICATION TO REQUIREMENTS 
RELATING TO NUCLEAR FORCE RE-
DUCTIONS. 
(a) PRIOR NOTIFICATION OF REDUCTIONS FOR 
INSUFFICIENT FUNDING.—Subsection (a)(2)(B) 
of section 494 of title 10, United States Code, 
is amended by striking ‘‘60 days’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘120 days’’. 
(b) NET ASSESSMENT
OF NUCLEAR FORCE 
LEVELS
WITH
RESPECT
TO
CERTAIN
PRO-
POSALS TO REDUCE NUCLEAR WEAPONS STOCK-
PILE.—Subsection (c) of such section is 
amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘December 31, 2011’’ each 
place it appears and inserting ‘‘December 31, 
2021’’; 
(2) in paragraph (1)— 
(A) by amending subparagraph (B) to read 
as follows: 
‘‘(B) the Secretary of Defense shall, not 
later than 120 days before the President im-
plements that proposal, submit to the con-
gressional defense committees— 
‘‘(i) the assessment described in subpara-
graph (A), unchanged, together with the ex-
planatory views of the Secretary, as the Sec-
retary deems appropriate; and 
‘‘(ii) an assessment of whether the pro-
posed reduction in nuclear weapons will 
cause the number of nuclear weapons in the 
United States nuclear weapons stockpile to 
be fewer than the high-confidence assess-
ment of the intelligence community (as de-
fined in section 3(4) of the National Security 
Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003(4))) with respect to 
the number of nuclear weapons in the stock-
piles of the Russian Federation and the Peo-
ple’s Republic of China; and’’; and 
(B) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘Com-
mittees on Armed Forces of the Senate and 
the House of Representatives’’ and inserting 
‘‘congressional defense committees’’; 
(3) in paragraph (2)(B)— 
(A) in clause (i)— 
(i) by inserting ‘‘nonpermanent’’ before 
‘‘reductions’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘; or’’ and inserting a semi-
colon; 
(B) by redesignating clause (ii) as clause 
(iii); and 
(C) by inserting after clause (i) the fol-
lowing new clause (ii): 
‘‘(ii) nonpermanent reductions that sup-
port the reliability, credibility, testing, 
maintenance, or certification of nuclear 
weapons delivery systems; or’’; and 
(4) by striking paragraph (3). 
(c) PREVENTION OF ASYMMETRY IN REDUC-
TIONS.—Such section is further amended by 
striking subsection (d). 
SEC. 1533. MODIFICATIONS TO REQUIREMENTS 
RELATING 
TO 
UNILATERAL 
CHANGES IN NUCLEAR WEAPONS 
STOCKPILE OF THE UNITED STATES. 
Section 498 of title 10, United States Code, 
is amended— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00081
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 92-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8624 
November 19, 2021 
(1) by striking subsection (a) and inserting 
the following new subsection (a): 
‘‘(a) IN GENERAL.—Other than pursuant to 
a treaty to which the Senate has provided 
advice and consent pursuant to section 2 of 
article II of the Constitution of the United 
States, if the President has under consider-
ation to unilaterally change the size of the 
total stockpile of nuclear weapons of the 
United States, or the total number of de-
ployed nuclear weapons (as defined under the 
New START Treaty), by more than 15 per-
cent, prior to doing so the President shall 
initiate a Nuclear Posture Review.’’; 
(2) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘in the 
nuclear weapons stockpile by more than 25 
percent’’ and inserting ‘‘described in sub-
section (a)’’; 
(3) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘treaty 
obligations’’ and inserting ‘‘obligations pur-
suant to a treaty to which the Senate has 
provided advice and consent pursuant to sec-
tion 2 of article II of the Constitution’’; and 
(4) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(f) NEW START TREATY DEFINED.—In this 
section, the term ‘New START Treaty’ 
means the Treaty between the United States 
of America and the Russian Federation on 
Measures for the Further Reduction and 
Limitation of Strategic Offensive Arms, 
signed on April 8, 2010, and entered into force 
on February 5, 2011.’’. 
SEC. 1534. DEADLINE FOR REPORTS ON MODI-
FICATION OF FORCE STRUCTURE 
FOR STRATEGIC NUCLEAR WEAPONS 
DELIVERY SYSTEMS. 
Section 493 of title 10, United States Code, 
is amended in the first sentence by inserting 
after ‘‘report on the modification’’ the fol-
lowing: ‘‘not less than 180 days before the in-
tended effective date of the modification’’. 
SEC. 1535. MODIFICATION OF DEADLINE FOR NO-
TIFICATIONS RELATING TO REDUC-
TION, CONSOLIDATION, OR WITH-
DRAWAL 
OF 
NUCLEAR 
FORCES 
BASED IN EUROPE. 
Section 497(b) of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘60 days’’ and 
inserting ‘‘120 days’’. 
SEC. 1536. CONGRESSIONAL COMMISSION ON THE 
STRATEGIC 
POSTURE 
OF 
THE 
UNITED STATES. 
(a) ESTABLISHMENT.—There is established 
in the legislative branch a commission to be 
known as the ‘‘Congressional Commission on 
the Strategic Posture of the United States’’ 
(in this section referred to as the ‘‘Commis-
sion’’). The purpose of the Commission is to 
examine and make recommendations to the 
President and Congress with respect to the 
long-term strategic posture of the United 
States. 
(b) COMPOSITION.— 
(1) MEMBERSHIP.—The Commission shall be 
composed of 12 members appointed as fol-
lows: 
(A) Three by the chairperson of the Com-
mittee on Armed Services of the Senate. 
(B) Three by the ranking minority member 
of the Committee on Armed Services of the 
Senate. 
(C) Three by the chairperson of the Com-
mittee on Armed Services of the House of 
Representatives. 
(D) Three by the ranking minority member 
of the Committee on Armed Services of the 
House of Representatives. 
(2) QUALIFICATIONS.— 
(A) IN GENERAL.—In making appointments 
under paragraph (1), the chairpersons and 
ranking minority members of the Commit-
tees on Armed Services of the Senate and the 
House of Representatives shall select mem-
bers from among individuals who— 
(i) are United States citizens; 
(ii) are not officers or employees of the 
Federal Government or any State or local 
government; and 
(iii) have received national recognition and 
have significant depth of experience in such 
professions as governmental service, law en-
forcement, the Armed Forces, law, public ad-
ministration, intelligence gathering, com-
merce (including aviation matters), or for-
eign affairs. 
(B) 
POLITICAL
PARTY
AFFILIATION.—Not 
more than 6 members of the Commission 
may be appointed from the same political 
party. 
(3) DEADLINE FOR APPOINTMENT.— 
(A) IN GENERAL.—All members of the Com-
mission shall be appointed under paragraph 
(1) not later than 45 days after the date of 
the enactment of this Act. 
(B) EFFECT OF LACK OF APPOINTMENTS BY 
APPOINTMENT DATE.—If one or more appoint-
ments under paragraph (1) is not made by 
the date specified in subparagraph (A)— 
(i) the authority to make such appoint-
ment or appointments shall expire; and 
(ii) the number of members of the Commis-
sion shall be reduced by the number of ap-
pointments not made by that date. 
(4) CHAIRPERSON; VICE CHAIRPERSON.— 
(A) CHAIRPERSON.—The chairpersons of the 
Committees on Armed Services of the Senate 
and the House of Representatives shall joint-
ly designate one member of the Commission 
to serve as chairperson of the Commission. 
(B) VICE
CHAIRPERSON.—The ranking mi-
nority members of the Committees on Armed 
Services of the Senate and the House of Rep-
resentatives shall jointly designate one 
member of the Commission to serve as vice 
chairperson of the Commission. 
(5) ACTIVATION.— 
(A) IN GENERAL.—The Commission— 
(i) may begin operations under this section 
on the date on which not less than 2⁄3 of the 
members of the Commission have been ap-
pointed under paragraph (1); and 
(ii) shall meet and begin the operations of 
the Commission as soon as practicable after 
the date described in clause (i). 
(B) SUBSEQUENT
MEETINGS.—After its ini-
tial meeting, the Commission shall meet 
upon the call of the chairperson or a major-
ity of its members. 
(6) QUORUM.—Eight members of the Com-
mission shall constitute a quorum. 
(7) PERIOD
OF
APPOINTMENT; VACANCIES.— 
Members of the Commission shall be ap-
pointed for the life of the Commission. A va-
cancy in the Commission does not affect the 
powers of the Commission and shall (except 
as provided by paragraph (3)(B)) be filled in 
the same manner in which the original ap-
pointment was made. 
(8) REMOVAL OF MEMBERS.— 
(A) IN GENERAL.—A member of the Com-
mission may be removed from the Commis-
sion for cause by the individual serving in 
the position responsible for the original ap-
pointment of the member under paragraph 
(1), provided that notice is first provided to 
that official of the cause for removal, and re-
moval is voted and agreed upon by 3⁄4 of the 
members of the Commission. 
(B) VACANCIES.—A vacancy created by the 
removal of a member of the Commission 
under subparagraph (A) does not affect the 
powers of the Commission and shall be filled 
in the same manner in which the original ap-
pointment was made. 
(c) DUTIES.— 
(1) REVIEW.—The Commission shall con-
duct a review of the strategic posture of the 
United States, including a strategic threat 
assessment and a detailed review of nuclear 
weapons policy, strategy, and force structure 
and factors affecting the strategic stability 
of near-peer competitors of the United 
States. 
(2) ASSESSMENT AND RECOMMENDATIONS.— 
(A) ASSESSMENT.—The Commission shall 
assess— 
(i) the benefits and risks associated with 
the current strategic posture and nuclear 
weapons policies of the United States; 
(ii) factors affecting strategic stability 
that relate to the strategic posture; and 
(iii) lessons learned from the findings and 
conclusions of the Congressional Commis-
sion on the Strategic Posture of the United 
States established by section 1062 of the Na-
tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal 
Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181; 122 Stat. 319) 
and other previous commissions and previous 
Nuclear Posture Reviews. 
(B) RECOMMENDATIONS.—The Commission 
shall make recommendations with respect 
to— 
(i) the most appropriate strategic posture; 
(ii) the extent to which capabilities other 
than nuclear weapons can contribute to or 
detract from strategic stability; and 
(iii) the most effective nuclear weapons 
strategy for strategic posture and stability. 
(d) REPORT AND BRIEFING REQUIRED.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than December 
31, 2022, the Commission shall submit to the 
President and the Committees on Armed 
Services of the Senate and the House of Rep-
resentatives a report on the Commission’s 
findings, conclusions, and recommendations. 
(2) ELEMENTS.—The report required by 
paragraph (1) shall include— 
(A) the recommendations required by sub-
section (c)(2)(B); 
(B) a description of the military capabili-
ties and force structure necessary to support 
the nuclear weapons strategy recommended 
under that subsection, including nuclear, 
nonnuclear kinetic, and nonkinetic capabili-
ties that might support the strategy, and 
other factors that might affect strategic sta-
bility; 
(C) a description of the nuclear infrastruc-
ture (that is, the size of the nuclear complex) 
required to support the strategy and the ap-
propriate organizational structure for the 
nuclear security enterprise; 
(D) an assessment of the role of missile de-
fenses in the strategy; 
(E) an assessment of the role of cyber de-
fense capabilities in the strategy; 
(F) an assessment of the role of space sys-
tems in the strategy; 
(G) an assessment of the role of non-
proliferation programs in the strategy; 
(H) an assessment of the role of nuclear 
arms control in the strategy; 
(I) an assessment of the political and mili-
tary implications of the strategy for the 
United States and its allies; and 
(J) any other information or recommenda-
tions relating to the strategy (or to the stra-
tegic posture) that the Commission considers 
appropriate. 
(3) INTERIM BRIEFING.—Not later than 180 
days after the deadline for appointment of 
members of the Commission specified in sub-
section (b)(3)(A), the Commission shall pro-
vide to the Committees on Armed Services of 
the Senate and the House of Representatives 
a briefing on the status of the review, assess-
ments, and recommendations required by 
subsection (c), including a discussion of any 
interim recommendations. 
(e) INFORMATION
FROM
FEDERAL
AGEN-
CIES.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—The Commission may se-
cure directly from the Department of De-
fense, the National Nuclear Security Admin-
istration, the Department of State, or the 
Office of the Director of National Intel-
ligence information, suggestions, estimates, 
and statistics for the purposes of this sec-
tion. Each of such agency shall, to the ex-
tent authorized by law, furnish such infor-
mation, suggestions, estimates, and statis-
tics directly to the Commission, upon receiv-
ing a request made by— 
(A) the chairperson of the Commission; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00082
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 93-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8625 
November 19, 2021 
(B) the chairperson of any subcommittee of 
the Commission created by a majority of 
members of the Commission; or 
(C) any member of the Commission des-
ignated by a majority of the Commission for 
purposes of making requests under this para-
graph. 
(2) RECEIPT, HANDLING, STORAGE, AND DIS-
SEMINATION.—Information, suggestions, esti-
mates, and statistics provided to the Com-
mission under paragraph (1) may be received, 
handled, stored, and disseminated only by 
members of the Commission and its staff 
consistent with all applicable statutes, regu-
lations, and Executive orders. 
(f) ASSISTANCE FROM FEDERAL AGENCIES.— 
In addition to information, suggestions, esti-
mates, and statistics provided under sub-
section (e), departments and agencies of the 
United States may provide to the Commis-
sion such services, funds, facilities, staff, and 
other support services as those departments 
and agencies may determine advisable and as 
may be authorized by law. 
(g) COMPENSATION AND TRAVEL EXPENSES.— 
(1) STATUS AS FEDERAL EMPLOYEES.—Not-
withstanding the requirements of section 
2105 of title 5, United States Code, including 
the requirements relating to supervision 
under subsection (a)(3) of such section, the 
members of the commission shall be deemed 
to be Federal employees. 
(2) COMPENSATION.—Each member of the 
Commission may be compensated at not to 
exceed the daily equivalent of the annual 
rate of basic pay in effect for a position at 
level IV of the Executive Schedule under sec-
tion 5315 of title 5, United States Code, for 
each day during which that member is en-
gaged in the actual performance of the du-
ties of the Commission. 
(3) TRAVEL
EXPENSES.—While away from 
their homes or regular places of business in 
the performance of services for the Commis-
sion, members of the Commission shall be al-
lowed travel expenses, including per diem in 
lieu of subsistence, in the same manner as 
persons employed intermittently in the Gov-
ernment service are allowed expenses under 
section 5703 of title 5, United States Code. 
(h) STAFF.— 
(1) EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR.—The Commission 
shall appoint and fix the rate of basic pay for 
an Executive Director in accordance with 
section 3161(d) of title 5, United States Code. 
(2) PAY.—The Executive Director appointed 
under paragraph (1) may, with the approval 
of the Commission, appoint and fix the rate 
of basic pay for additional personnel as staff 
of the Commission in accordance with sec-
tion 3161(d) of title 5, United States Code. 
(i) PERSONAL SERVICES.— 
(1) AUTHORITY TO PROCURE.—The Commis-
sion may— 
(A) procure the services of experts or con-
sultants (or of organizations of experts or 
consultants) in accordance with the provi-
sions of section 3109 of title 5, United States 
Code; and 
(B) pay in connection with such services 
travel expenses of individuals, including 
transportation and per diem in lieu of sub-
sistence, while such individuals are traveling 
from their homes or places of business to 
duty stations. 
(2) MAXIMUM DAILY PAY RATES.—The daily 
rate paid an expert or consultant procured 
pursuant to paragraph (1) may not exceed 
the daily equivalent of the annual rate of 
basic pay in effect for a position at level IV 
of the Executive Schedule under section 5315 
of title 5, United States Code. 
(j) CONTRACTING AUTHORITY.—The Commis-
sion may acquire administrative supplies 
and equipment for Commission use to the ex-
tent funds are available. 
(k) AUTHORITY TO ACCEPT GIFTS.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—The Commission may ac-
cept, use, and dispose of gifts or donations of 
services, goods, and property from non-Fed-
eral entities for the purposes of aiding and 
facilitating the work of the Commission. The 
authority under this paragraph does not ex-
tend to gifts of money. 
(2) DOCUMENTATION; CONFLICTS
OF
INTER-
EST.—The Commission shall document gifts 
accepted under the authority provided by 
paragraph (1) and shall avoid conflicts of in-
terest or the appearance of conflicts of inter-
est. 
(3) COMPLIANCE WITH CONGRESSIONAL ETHICS 
RULES.—Except as specifically provided in 
this section, a member of the Commission 
shall comply with rules set forth by the Se-
lect Committee on Ethics of the Senate and 
the Committee on Ethics of the House of 
Representatives governing employees of the 
Senate and the House of Representatives, re-
spectively. 
(l) POSTAL
SERVICES.—The Commission 
may use the United States mails in the same 
manner and under the same conditions as de-
partments and agencies of the United States. 
(m) COMMISSION SUPPORT.—Not later than 
60 days after the date of the enactment of 
this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall seek 
to enter into a contract with a federally 
funded research and development center to 
provide appropriate staff and administrative 
support for the activities of the Commission. 
(n) EXPEDITION OF SECURITY CLEARANCES.— 
The Office of Senate Security and the Office 
of House Security shall ensure the expedited 
processing of appropriate security clearances 
for personnel appointed to the Commission 
by offices of the Senate and the House of 
Representatives, respectively, under proc-
esses developed for the clearance of legisla-
tive branch employees. 
(o) LEGISLATIVE
ADVISORY
COMMITTEE.— 
The Commission shall operate as a legisla-
tive advisory committee and shall not be 
subject to the provisions of the Federal Advi-
sory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App) or section 
552b, United States Code (commonly known 
as the ‘‘Government in the Sunshine Act’’). 
(p) FUNDING.—Of the amounts authorized 
to be appropriated by this Act for fiscal year 
2022 for the Department of Defense, up to 
$7,000,000 shall be made available to the Com-
mission to carry out its duties under this 
section. Funds made available to the Com-
mission under the preceding sentence shall 
remain available until expended. 
(q) TERMINATION.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—The Commission, and all 
authorities under this section, shall termi-
nate on the date that is 90 days after the 
Commission submits the final report re-
quired by subsection (d). 
(2) ADMINISTRATIVE ACTIONS BEFORE TERMI-
NATION.—The Commission may use the 90- 
day period described in paragraph (1) for the 
purpose of concluding its activities, includ-
ing providing testimony to committees of 
Congress with respect to and disseminating 
the report required by subsection (d). 
SEC. 1537. REVISED NUCLEAR POSTURE REVIEW. 
(a) REQUIREMENT FOR COMPREHENSIVE RE-
VIEW.—In order to clarify United States nu-
clear deterrence policy and strategy for the 
near term, the Secretary of Defense, acting 
through the Under Secretary of Defense for 
Policy and the Vice Chairman of the Joint 
Chiefs of Staff, shall conduct a comprehen-
sive review of the nuclear posture of the 
United States for the next 5 to 10 years. The 
Secretary shall conduct the review in con-
sultation with the Secretary of Energy, the 
Secretary of State, and the Director of Na-
tional Intelligence. 
(b) ELEMENTS OF REVIEW.—The nuclear pos-
ture review shall include the following ele-
ments: 
(1) An assessment of the current and pro-
jected nuclear capabilities of the Russian 
Federation and the People’s Republic of 
China, and such other potential threats as 
the Secretary considers appropriate to in-
clude. 
(2) The role of nuclear forces in United 
States military strategy, planning, and pro-
gramming. 
(3) The policy requirements and objectives 
for the United States to maintain a safe, re-
liable, and credible nuclear deterrence pos-
ture. 
(4) The relationship among United States 
nuclear deterrence policy, targeting strat-
egy, and arms control objectives. 
(5) The role that missile defenses, conven-
tional strike forces, and other capabilities 
play in determining the role and size of nu-
clear forces. 
(6) The levels and composition of the nu-
clear delivery systems that will be required 
for implementing the United States national 
and military strategy, including ongoing 
plans for replacing existing systems. 
(7) The nuclear weapons complex that will 
be required for implementing the United 
States national and military strategy, in-
cluding ongoing plans to modernize the com-
plex. 
(8) The active and inactive nuclear weap-
ons stockpile that will be required for imple-
menting the United States national and 
military strategy, including ongoing plans 
for replacing or modifying warheads. 
(c) REPORT TO CONGRESS.—The Secretary of 
Defense shall submit to Congress, in unclas-
sified and classified forms as necessary, a re-
port on the results of the nuclear posture re-
view conducted under this section. The re-
port shall be submitted concurrently with 
the national defense strategy required to be 
submitted under section 113(g) of title 10, 
United States Code, in 2022. 
SEC. 1538. GROUND-BASED STRATEGIC DETER-
RENT DEVELOPMENT PROGRAM AC-
COUNTABILITY MATRICES. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Concurrent with the sub-
mission to Congress of the budget of the 
President for fiscal year 2023 and each fiscal 
year thereafter pursuant to section 1105(a) of 
title 31, United States Code, the Secretary of 
the Air Force shall submit to the congres-
sional defense committees and the Comp-
troller General of the United States the mat-
rices described in subsection (b) relating to 
the ground-based strategic deterrent weapon 
system. 
(b) MATRICES DESCRIBED.—The matrices de-
scribed in this subsection are the following: 
(1) ENGINEERING
AND
MANUFACTURING
DE-
VELOPMENT GOALS.—A matrix that identifies, 
in six-month increments, key milestones, de-
velopment events, and specific performance 
goals for the engineering and manufacturing 
development phase of the ground-based stra-
tegic deterrent weapon system, which shall 
be subdivided, at a minimum, according to 
the following: 
(A) Technology maturity, including tech-
nology readiness levels of major components 
and key demonstration events leading to 
technology readiness level 7 full maturity. 
(B) Design maturity for the missile, weap-
on system command and control, and ground 
systems. 
(C) 
Software 
maturity, 
including 
key 
events and metrics. 
(D) Manufacturing maturity, including 
manufacturing readiness levels for critical 
manufacturing operations and key dem-
onstration events. 
(E) The schedule with respect to the fol-
lowing: 
(i) Ground-based strategic deterrent weap-
on system level critical path events and mar-
gins. 
(ii) 
Separate 
individual 
critical 
path 
events and margins for each of the following 
major events: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00083
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 94-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8626 
November 19, 2021 
(I) First flight. 
(II) First functional test. 
(III) Weapon system qualification. 
(IV) Combined certifications. 
(V) Operational weapon system article. 
(VI) Initial operational capability. 
(VII) Wing A completion. 
(F) Personnel, including planned and ac-
tual staffing for the program office and for 
contractor and supporting organizations, in-
cluding for testing, nuclear certification, 
and civil engineering by the Air Force. 
(G) Reliability, including growth plans and 
key milestones. 
(2) COST.— 
(A) IN
GENERAL.—The following matrices 
relating to the cost of the ground-based stra-
tegic deterrent weapon system: 
(i) A matrix expressing, in six-month incre-
ments, the total cost for the engineering and 
manufacturing development phase and low 
rate initial production lots of the ground- 
based strategic deterrent weapon system. 
(ii) A matrix expressing the total cost for 
the prime contractor’s estimate for the engi-
neering 
and 
manufacturing 
development 
phase and production lots. 
(B) PHASING
AND
SUBDIVISION
OF
MAT-
RICES.—The matrices described in clauses (i) 
and (ii) of subparagraph (A) shall be— 
(i) phased over the entire engineering and 
manufacturing development period; and 
(ii) subdivided according to the costs of the 
primary subsystems in the ground-based 
strategic deterrent weapon system work 
breakdown structure. 
(c) SEMI-ANNUAL UPDATES OF MATRICES.— 
Not later than 180 days after the date on 
which the Secretary submits the matrices 
described in subsection (b) for a year as re-
quired by subsection (a), the Secretary shall 
submit to the congressional defense commit-
tees and the Comptroller General updates to 
the matrices. 
(d) TREATMENT OF THE FIRST MATRICES AS 
BASELINE.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—The first set of matrices 
submitted under subsection (a) shall be 
treated as the baseline for the full engineer-
ing and manufacturing development phase 
and low rate initial production of the 
ground-based strategic deterrent weapon sys-
tem program for purposes of updates sub-
mitted under subsection (c) and subsequent 
matrices submitted under subsection (a). 
(2) ELEMENTS.—After the submission of the 
first set of matrices required by subsection 
(a), each update submitted under subsection 
(c) and each subsequent set of matrices sub-
mitted under subsection (a) shall— 
(A) clearly identify changes in key mile-
stones, development events, and specific per-
formance goals identified in the first set of 
matrices; and 
(B) provide updated cost estimates. 
(e) ASSESSMENT BY COMPTROLLER GENERAL 
OF
THE UNITED STATES.—Not later than 60 
days after receiving the matrices described 
in subsection (b) for a year as required by 
subsection (a), the Comptroller General shall 
assess the acquisition progress made with re-
spect to the ground-based strategic deterrent 
weapon system and brief the congressional 
defense committees on the results of that as-
sessment. 
(f) TERMINATION.—The requirements of this 
section shall terminate on the date that is 
one year after the ground-based strategic de-
terrent weapon system achieves initial oper-
ational capability. 
SEC. 1539. PROCUREMENT AUTHORITY FOR CER-
TAIN 
PARTS 
OF 
GROUND-BASED 
STRATEGIC 
DETERRENT 
CRYP-
TOGRAPHIC DEVICE. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of the Air 
Force may enter into contracts for the life- 
of-type procurement of covered parts sup-
porting 
the 
KS–75 
cryptographic 
device 
under the ground-based strategic deterrent 
program. 
(b) 
AVAILABILITY
OF
FUNDS.—Notwith-
standing section 1502(a) of title 31, United 
States Code, of the amount authorized to be 
appropriated for fiscal year 2022 by section 
101 and available for Missile Procurement, 
Air Force, as specified in the funding table in 
section 4101, $10,000,000 shall be available for 
the procurement of covered parts pursuant 
to contracts entered into under subsection 
(a). 
(c) COVERED PARTS DEFINED.—In this sec-
tion, the term ‘‘covered parts’’ means com-
mercially available off-the-shelf items as de-
fined in section 104 of title 41, United States 
Code. 
SEC. 1540. MISSION-DESIGN SERIES POPULAR 
NAME FOR GROUND-BASED STRA-
TEGIC DETERRENT. 
(a) REQUIREMENT.—Not later than 30 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
the Secretary of the Air Force, in coordina-
tion with the Under Secretary of Defense for 
Acquisition and Sustainment, shall establish 
a mission-design series popular name for the 
ground-based strategic deterrent, consistent 
with the procedures set forth in Department 
of Defense Directive 4120.15 (relating to des-
ignating and naming military aerospace ve-
hicles). 
(b) NOTIFICATION.—Not later than 10 days 
after completing the requirement under sub-
section (a), the Secretary of the Air Force 
shall notify the congressional defense com-
mittees of the completion of the require-
ment. 
SEC. 1541. B–21 RAIDER NUCLEAR CAPABILITY 
AND 
INTEGRATION 
WITH 
LONG- 
RANGE STANDOFF WEAPON. 
Not later than two years after declaration 
of initial operational capability for the long- 
range standoff weapon, the Secretary of the 
Air Force shall ensure that— 
(1) all integration activities with the B–21 
Raider are completed; and 
(2) the B–21 Raider will be operationally 
capable of employing the long-range standoff 
weapon across all required mission scenarios. 
SEC. 1542. COMPTROLLER GENERAL STUDY AND 
UPDATED 
REPORT 
ON 
NUCLEAR 
WEAPONS CAPABILITIES AND FORCE 
STRUCTURE REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) COMPTROLLER
GENERAL
STUDY
RE-
QUIRED.—The Comptroller General of the 
United States shall conduct a study on the 
strategic nuclear weapons capabilities, force 
structure, employment policy, and targeting 
requirements of the Department of Defense. 
(b) MATTERS
COVERED.—The study con-
ducted under subsection (a) shall, at min-
imum, consist of an update to the report of 
the Comptroller General entitled ‘‘Strategic 
Weapons: Changes in the Nuclear Weapons 
Targeting Process Since 1991’’ (GAO–12–786R) 
and dated July 31, 2012, including covering 
any changes to— 
(1) how the Department of Defense has as-
sessed threats and modified its nuclear de-
terrence policy; 
(2) targeting and employment guidance 
from the President, the Secretary of Defense, 
the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, 
and the Commander of United States Stra-
tegic Command; 
(3) nuclear weapons planning and tar-
geting, including categories and types of tar-
gets; 
(4) strategic nuclear forces, including the 
stockpile, force posture, and modernization; 
(5) the level of civilian oversight; 
(6) the relationship between targeting and 
requirements; and 
(7) any other matters considered appro-
priate by the Comptroller General. 
(c) REPORTING.— 
(1) BRIEFING
ON
PRELIMINARY
FINDINGS.— 
Not later than March 31, 2022, the Comp-
troller General shall provide to the congres-
sional defense committees a briefing on the 
preliminary findings of the study conducted 
under subsection (a). 
(2) FINAL REPORT.—The Comptroller Gen-
eral shall submit to the congressional de-
fense committees a final report on the find-
ings of the study conducted under subsection 
(a) at a time agreed to by the Comptroller 
General and the congressional defense com-
mittees at the briefing required by para-
graph (1). 
(3) FORM.—The briefing required by para-
graph (1) may be provided, and the report re-
quired by paragraph (2) may be submitted, in 
classified form. 
(d) COOPERATION.—The Secretary of De-
fense and the Secretary of Energy shall pro-
vide the Comptroller General with full co-
operation and access to appropriate officials, 
guidance, and documentation for the pur-
poses of conducting the study required by 
subsection (a). 
SEC. 1543. PROHIBITION ON REDUCTION OF THE 
INTERCONTINENTAL BALLISTIC MIS-
SILES OF THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) PROHIBITION.—Except as provided in 
subsection (b), none of the funds authorized 
to be appropriated by this Act for fiscal year 
2022 for the Department of Defense may be 
obligated or expended for the following, and 
the Department may not otherwise take any 
action to do the following: 
(1) Reduce, or prepare to reduce, the re-
sponsiveness or alert level of the interconti-
nental ballistic missiles of the United 
States. 
(2) Reduce, or prepare to reduce, the quan-
tity of deployed intercontinental ballistic 
missiles of the United State to a number less 
than 400. 
(b) EXCEPTION.—The prohibition in sub-
section (a) shall not apply to the following 
activities: 
(1) The maintenance, sustainment, or re-
placement of intercontinental ballistic mis-
siles. 
(2) Ensuring the safety, security, or reli-
ability of intercontinental ballistic missiles. 
SEC. 1544. LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS UNTIL 
COMPLETION OF ANALYSIS OF AL-
TERNATIVES 
FOR 
NUCLEAR 
SEA- 
LAUNCHED CRUISE MISSILE. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Not more than 90 percent 
of the funds authorized to be appropriated by 
this Act for fiscal year 2022 to the Office of 
the Under Secretary of Defense for Policy, 
for the purposes of operating the Office of 
the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Strat-
egy, Plans, and Capabilities, may be obli-
gated or expended until the Under Secretary 
provides a briefing to the congressional de-
fense committees on— 
(1) the results of the analysis of alter-
natives for the nuclear sea-launched cruise 
missile; and 
(2) the analysis of the Director of Cost As-
sessment and Program Evaluation of the 
adequacy of that analysis of alternatives, 
conducted pursuant to section 139a(d)(4) of 
title 10, United States Code. 
(b) REPORT
REQUIRED.—Not later than 
April 1, 2022, the Chairman of the Nuclear 
Weapons Council, in coordination with the 
Secretary of the Navy and the Administrator 
for Nuclear Security, shall provide a briefing 
to the congressional defense committees on 
the planned management structure for the 
joint missile and warhead development pro-
gram. 
SEC. 1545. SENSE OF THE SENATE ON NATO SECU-
RITY AND NUCLEAR COOPERATION 
BETWEEN THE UNITED STATES AND 
THE UNITED KINGDOM. 
It is the sense of the Senate that— 
(1) the United States strategic nuclear de-
terrent, and the independent strategic nu-
clear deterrents of the United Kingdom and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00084
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 95-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8627 
November 19, 2021 
the French Republic, are the supreme guar-
antee of the security of the North Atlantic 
Treaty Organization (commonly referred to 
as ‘‘NATO’’) and continue to underwrite 
peace and security for all members of the 
NATO alliance; 
(2) the security of the NATO alliance also 
relies upon nuclear sharing arrangements 
that predate, and are fully consistent with, 
the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nu-
clear Weapons, done at Washington, London, 
and Moscow July 1, 1968, and entered into 
force March 5, 1960 (commonly referred to as 
the ‘‘Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty’’); 
(3) such arrangements provide for the for-
ward deployment of United States nuclear 
weapons in Europe, along with the sup-
porting 
capabilities, 
infrastructure, 
and 
dual-capable aircraft dedicated to the deliv-
ery of United States nuclear weapons, pro-
vided by European NATO allies; 
(4) in parallel to the independent commit-
ments of the United States and the United 
Kingdom to the enduring security of NATO, 
the nuclear programs of the United States 
and the United Kingdom have enjoyed sig-
nificant collaborative benefits as a result of 
the cooperative relationship formalized in 
the Agreement for Cooperation on the Uses 
of Atomic Energy for Mutual Defense Pur-
poses, signed at Washington July 3, 1958, and 
entered into force August 4, 1958, between 
the United States and the United Kingdom 
(commonly referred to as the ‘‘Mutual De-
fense Agreement’’); 
(5) the unique partnership between the 
United States and the United Kingdom has 
enhanced sovereign military and scientific 
capabilities, strengthened bilateral ties, and 
resulted in the sharing of costs; 
(6) as the international security environ-
ment deteriorates and potential adversaries 
expand and enhance their nuclear forces, the 
extended deterrence commitments of the 
United Kingdom play an increasingly impor-
tant role in supporting the security interests 
of the United States and allies of the United 
States and the United Kingdom; 
(7) additionally, the extension of the nu-
clear deterrence commitments of the United 
Kingdom to members of the NATO alliance 
strengthens collective security while reduc-
ing the burden placed on United States nu-
clear forces to deter potential adversaries 
and assure allies of the United States; 
(8) it is in the national security interest of 
the United States to support the United 
Kingdom with respect to the decision of the 
Government of the United Kingdom to main-
tain its nuclear forces to deter countries 
that are ‘‘significantly increasing and diver-
sifying their nuclear arsenals’’ and ‘‘invest-
ing in novel nuclear technologies and devel-
oping new ‘warfighting’ nuclear systems’’ 
that could threaten NATO allies, as outlined 
in the March 2021 report of the Government 
of the United Kingdom entitled, ‘‘Global 
Britain in a Competitive Age: The Integrated 
Review of Security, Defence, Development 
and Foreign Policy’’; 
(9) as the United States continues to mod-
ernize its aging nuclear forces to ensure its 
ability to continue to field a nuclear deter-
rent that is safe, secure, and effective, the 
United Kingdom faces a similar challenge; 
(10) bilateral cooperation on such programs 
as the Trident II D5 weapons system, the 
common missile compartment for the future 
Dreadnought and Columbia classes of sub-
marines, and the parallel development of the 
W93/Mk7 warhead of the United States and 
the replacement warhead of the United King-
dom, will allow the United States and the 
United Kingdom to responsibly address chal-
lenges within their legacy nuclear forces in a 
cost-effective manner that— 
(A) meets national requirements and pre-
serves independent, sovereign control; 
(B) is consistent with each country’s obli-
gations under the Nuclear Non-Proliferation 
Treaty; and 
(C) supports nonproliferation objectives; 
and 
(11) continued cooperation between the nu-
clear programs of United States and the 
United Kingdom is essential to ensuring that 
the NATO alliance continues to be supported 
by credible nuclear forces capable of pre-
serving peace, preventing coercion, and de-
terring aggression. 
SEC. 1546. SENSE OF THE SENATE ON MAINTAIN-
ING DIVERSITY IN THE NUCLEAR 
WEAPONS STOCKPILE. 
(a) SENSE OF THE SENATE.—It is the sense 
of the Senate that— 
(1) in order to ensure adequate confidence 
in the functionality of the United States nu-
clear weapons stockpile, the National Nu-
clear Security Administration must main-
tain sufficient diversity in the designs and 
types of nuclear weapons it makes available 
to the Department of Defense; 
(2) the Department of Defense should lever-
age that diversity to field a force with an ap-
propriate mix of capabilities and techno-
logical distinctiveness to ensure that the 
United States nuclear deterrent remains ca-
pable of meeting military requirements, 
even during the unlikely event of a technical 
issue that renders one particular type of nu-
clear weapon temporarily or permanently 
unsuitable for deployment; and 
(3) accordingly, it is in the national secu-
rity interest of the United States to main-
tain no fewer than two distinct types of de-
ployed nuclear weapons per leg of the nu-
clear triad in order to ensure that no poten-
tial adversary, nor United States ally, 
doubts the continuing effectiveness of the 
United States nuclear deterrent. 
(b) DEFINITIONS.—In this section: 
(1) TYPES OF NUCLEAR WEAPONS.—The term 
‘‘type’’, with respect to nuclear weapons, 
means a unique configuration of nuclear ex-
plosive packages contained within a warhead 
or gravity bomb assembly. 
(2) NUCLEAR
TRIAD.—The term ‘‘nuclear 
triad’’ means the combination of platforms 
and delivery systems that comprise the stra-
tegic nuclear forces of the United States, or-
ganized by domain (known as a ‘‘leg’’), and 
consists of the following: 
(A) For the land leg, LGM–30G Minuteman 
III intercontinental ballistic missiles, any 
associated reentry vehicles, and the planned 
replacement systems for such missiles and 
vehicles. 
(B) For the sea leg, Ohio class fleet bal-
listic missile submarines, UGM–133 Trident 
II submarine-launched ballistic missiles, any 
associated reentry vehicles, and the planned 
replacement systems for such submarines, 
missiles, and vehicles. 
(C) For the air leg, B–52H Stratofortress 
long-range 
heavy 
bombers, 
B–2A 
Spirit 
stealth 
bombers, 
AGM–86B 
air-launched 
cruise missiles, and the planned replacement 
systems for such bombers and missiles. 
SEC. 1547. SENSE OF THE SENATE ON GROUND- 
BASED STRATEGIC DETERRENT. 
(a) FINDINGS.—Congress makes the fol-
lowing findings: 
(1) The Minuteman III intercontinental 
ballistic missile in service as of the date of 
the enactment of this Act was first deployed 
in 1970, with a planned 10-year service life. 
(2) The Minuteman III force will begin ex-
periencing attrition and age-related compo-
nent degradation, resulting in the number of 
available intercontinental ballistic missiles 
falling below military requirement levels in 
the late 2020s. 
(3) In a 2014 analysis of alternatives, the 
Air Force concluded that replacing the Min-
uteman III missile would provide necessary 
capabilities at lower cost when compared 
with extending the service life of the Min-
uteman III missile. 
(4) The Director of Cost Assessment and 
Program Evaluation of the Department of 
Defense reviewed and validated the Air 
Force’s 2014 analysis of alternatives, stating, 
‘‘We recommend moving expeditiously to a 
Milestone A decision to ensure the timely 
fielding of the future capability. Addition-
ally, prompt action would demonstrate Air 
Force and DOD commitment to the fol-
lowing: the nuclear mission to the Airmen 
serving in the field; our allies relying on our 
umbrella nuclear deterrent coverage; the 
American public who has been following re-
cent news reports; and the world at large.’’. 
(5) In February, 2015, President Barack 
Obama’s budget requested $75,166,000 for a 
new program of record to develop a replace-
ment for the Minuteman III intercontinental 
ballistic missile, named the ground-based 
strategic deterrent. 
(6) In connection with the decision to begin 
the ground-based strategic deterrent pro-
gram in 2015, the Department of Defense did 
not undertake new engineering and produc-
tion efforts for components necessary to con-
duct a long-term life extension of the cur-
rent Minuteman system. 
(7) General Timothy Ray, former Com-
mander of Air Force Global Strike Com-
mand, testified before the Subcommittee on 
Strategic Forces of the Committee on Armed 
Services of the Senate on May 12, 2021, that 
the most recent cost estimate indicates that 
attempting a long-term life extension of the 
Minuteman III system would— 
(A) cost $38,000,000,000 more than the 
ground-based strategic deterrent program; 
(B) deliver a less-capable, less-secure, less- 
sustainable system; and 
(C) be unable to deliver life-extended sys-
tems in time to offset age-related erosion of 
the Minuteman fleet, resulting in ‘‘a signifi-
cant gap, in [intercontinental ballistic mis-
sile] capability’’. 
(8) Since 2015, and during multiple presi-
dential administrations, Congress has au-
thorized 
and 
appropriated 
more 
than 
$2,800,000,000 to develop the ground-based 
strategic deterrent. 
(9) The ground-based strategic deterrent 
program has been shown to be a cost-effec-
tive solution to maintain the land-based leg 
of the nuclear triad. 
(10) The ground-based strategic deterrent 
program has been leading the efforts of the 
Department of Air Force at digital engineer-
ing able to run millions of scenarios on the 
most cost-effective design and government- 
owned baseline. 
(11) The ground-based strategic deterrent 
will provide the United States with a mod-
ern, reliable system capable of meeting 
emergent 
challenges 
while 
lowering 
sustainment costs and also improving safety 
and security. 
(12) The Air Force’s comprehensive ap-
proach to the ground-based strategic deter-
rent will also address aging infrastructure 
and modernize nuclear command and control 
capabilities associated with the interconti-
nental ballistic missile fleet, much of which 
remains predominantly unchanged since the 
1960s. 
(13) The marked erosion of global security 
conditions and continued increase in the 
quantity and quality of foreign nuclear arse-
nals reinforces the need to modernize the 
United States nuclear deterrent, including 
the land-based leg of the nuclear triad. 
(b) SENSE OF THE SENATE.—It is the sense 
of the Senate that— 
(1) intercontinental ballistic missiles are a 
critical component of the United States nu-
clear deterrent, providing the ability to 
hedge between legs of the nuclear triad in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00085
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 96-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8628 
November 19, 2021 
the case of a component-wide failure in an-
other leg; 
(2) the continued development of the 
ground-based strategic deterrent system, and 
its eventual replacement of the Minuteman 
III intercontinental ballistic missile, is need-
ed to maintain an effective intercontinental 
ballistic missile capability into the future; 
(3) ensuring the continued effectiveness of 
the United States nuclear deterrent through 
modernization programs such as the ground- 
based strategic deterrent may also increase 
opportunities for effective arms control in 
the future by enhancing the confidence of 
the United States in the sustainability and 
effectiveness of each leg of the triad, once re-
placed with modern equivalents; and 
(4) it is in the national security interests 
of the United States that the Department of 
Defense prioritize an effective and cost-effi-
cient execution of the ground-based strategic 
deterrent program before the retirement of 
the Minuteman III intercontinental ballistic 
missile in the mid-2030s. 
Subtitle D—Missile Defense Programs 
SEC. 1551. AUTHORITY TO DEVELOP AND DEPLOY 
NEXT GENERATION INTERCEPTOR 
FOR 
MISSILE 
DEFENSE 
OF 
THE 
UNITED STATES HOMELAND. 
(a) AUTHORITY.—Subject to the availability 
of appropriations, the Director of the Missile 
Defense Agency may develop a highly reli-
able interceptor with volume-kill capabili-
ties for the Ground-based Midcourse Defense 
system using sound acquisition practices, as 
outlined in the Government Accountability 
Office report, ‘‘Observations on Ground- 
based Midcourse Defense Acquisitions Chal-
lenges and Potential Contract Strategy 
Changes’’ (GAO–21–135R), including— 
(1) emphasizing the use of high technology 
readiness level components and software 
across the system to reduce program risk; 
(2) conducting critical parts testing of the 
Next Generation Interceptor prior to the pre-
liminary design review in order to maximize 
reliability, 
producibility, 
and 
manufacturability; 
(3) commencing rigorous flight testing of 
the Next Generation Interceptor when essen-
tial components reach a technology readi-
ness level of seven or higher; 
(4) completing at least two successful 
intercept flight tests before starting the first 
lot of production of the Next Generation In-
terceptor; and 
(5) to the maximum extent practicable, 
promoting industrial base competition via 
the use of multiple vendors through the Next 
Generation Interceptor program’s critical 
design review to maximize government re-
turn on investment. 
(b) PLAN.—If the Director exercises the au-
thority provided by subsection (a), the Direc-
tor shall develop a funding plan that in-
cludes funding lines across the future years 
defense program for the Next Generation In-
terceptor that— 
(1) produces and begins deployment of the 
Next Generation Interceptor as early as 
practicable after the date on which the Di-
rector completes carrying out the acquisi-
tion practices described in subsection (a); 
(2) includes acquiring at least 20 oper-
ational Next Generation Interceptors to fill 
silos currently empty in the ground-based in-
terceptor inventory; and 
(3) includes transition plans to replace the 
current inventory of silo-based boosters with 
follow-on systems prior to the end of their 
useful lifecycle. 
(c) REPORT ON FUNDING PROFILE.—The Di-
rector shall include with the budget jus-
tification materials submitted to Congress 
in support of the budget of the Department 
of Defense for fiscal year 2023 (as submitted 
with the budget of the President under sec-
tion 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code) a 
report on the funding profile necessary for 
the Next Generation Interceptor program to 
exercise the authority provided by sub-
section (a). 
(d) CONGRESSIONAL NOTIFICATION
OF CAN-
CELLATION REQUIREMENT.— 
(1) IN
GENERAL.—Not later than 30 days 
prior to any final decision to cancel the Next 
Generation Interceptor program, the Direc-
tor shall brief the Committee on Armed 
Services of the Senate and the Committee on 
Armed Services of the House of Representa-
tives of such decision. 
(2) ELEMENTS.—A briefing under paragraph 
(1) shall include the following: 
(A) A justification for the cancellation de-
cision. 
(B) An analysis of the national security 
risk being accepted due to the cancellation 
decision. 
SEC. 1552. ANNUAL RELIABILITY TESTING FOR 
THE 
NEXT 
GENERATION 
INTER-
CEPTOR. 
(a) ANNUAL FLIGHT TESTS REQUIRED.—The 
Director of the Missile Defense Agency 
shall— 
(1) ensure that the Next Generation Inter-
ceptor program establishes a process for con-
ducting annual flight tests to evaluate the 
reliability of the system after the system 
reaches initial operational capability; and 
(2) ensure that such annual reliability test-
ing begins not more than five years after 
declaration of initial operational capability 
for the Next Generation Interceptor. 
(b) REPORT.—Not later than the date of ap-
proval for the Next Generation Interceptor 
program to enter the production phase of its 
acquisition process, the Director of the Mis-
sile Defense Agency shall submit to the Com-
mittee on Armed Services of the Senate and 
the Committee on Armed Services of the 
House of Representatives a report outlining 
estimated annual costs for conducting an-
nual, operationally relevant flight testing to 
evaluate the reliability of the system devel-
oped under such program, including associ-
ated production costs for procuring suffi-
cient flight systems to support such testing 
for the projected life of the system. 
(c) WAIVER.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of Defense 
may, on an annual basis, waive the testing 
requirement in subsection (a), if the Sec-
retary determines that the conduct of such a 
test in a given year will have an unaccept-
ably adverse effect on the operational readi-
ness of the Ballistic Missile Defense System. 
(2) NOTICE.—If, pursuant to paragraph (1), 
the Secretary waives the requirement in sub-
section (a), the Secretary shall, not later 
than August 1 of each fiscal year in which a 
test required by subsection (a) will not 
occur, submit to the Committee on Armed 
Services of the Senate and the Committee on 
Armed Services of the House of Representa-
tives a notice, in writing, of such waiver. 
SEC. 1553. NEXT GENERATION INTERCEPTOR DE-
VELOPMENT 
PROGRAM 
ACCOUNT-
ABILITY MATRICES. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Concurrent with the sub-
mission to Congress of the budget of the 
President for fiscal year 2023 and each fiscal 
year thereafter pursuant to section 1105(a) of 
title 31, United States Code, the Director of 
the Missile Defense Agency shall submit to 
the congressional defense committees and 
the Comptroller General of the United States 
the matrices described in subsection (b) re-
lating to the Next Generation Interceptor 
weapon system. 
(b) MATRICES DESCRIBED.—The matrices de-
scribed in this subsection are the following: 
(1) TECHNOLOGY AND PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT 
GOALS.—A matrix that identifies, in six- 
month increments, key milestones, develop-
ment events, and specific performance goals 
for the technology development phase and 
product development phase of the Next Gen-
eration Interceptor weapon system, which 
shall be subdivided, at a minimum, accord-
ing to the following: 
(A) Technology maturity, including tech-
nology readiness levels of major interceptor 
components and key demonstration events 
leading to full maturity. 
(B) Design maturity, including key events 
and metrics, at the interceptor all up round 
level and subsystem level and for the ground 
system. 
(C) Parts testing, including key events and 
metrics for vetting parts and components 
through a parts, materials, and processes 
mission assurance plan. 
(D) Software maturity, including key 
events and metrics, at the all up round level 
and subsystem level for the interceptor and 
for the ground system. 
(E) Manufacturing maturity, including 
manufacturing readiness levels for critical 
manufacturing operations and key dem-
onstration events. 
(F) Schedule, with respect to key program 
milestones, critical path events, and mar-
gins. 
(G) Reliability, including growth plans and 
key milestones. 
(H) Testing and cybersecurity, including 
developmental and operational ground and 
flight test planning, execution, and evalua-
tion. 
(I) Any other technology and product de-
velopment goals the Director determines to 
be appropriate. 
(2) COST.— 
(A) IN
GENERAL.—The following matrices 
relating to the cost of the Next Generation 
Interceptor weapon system: 
(i) A matrix expressing, in six-month incre-
ments, the total cost for the technology de-
velopment, product development, and initial 
production phases. 
(ii) A matrix expressing the total cost for 
each of the contractors’ estimates for the 
technology development, product develop-
ment, and initial production phases. 
(B) PHASING
AND
SUBDIVISION
OF
MAT-
RICES.—The matrices described in clauses (i) 
and (ii) of subparagraph (A) shall be— 
(i) phased over the entire technology devel-
opment, product development, and initial 
production phases; and 
(ii) subdivided according to the costs of the 
primary subsystems in the next Generation 
Interceptor weapon system work breakdown 
structure. 
(3) STAKEHOLDER
AND
INDEPENDENT
RE-
VIEWS.—A matrix that identifies, in six- 
month increments, plans and status for co-
ordinating products and obtaining inde-
pendent reviews for the Next Generation In-
terceptor weapon system, which shall be 
grouped by development phase and sub-
divided according to the following: 
(A) Performance requirements, including— 
(i) coordinating, updating, and obtaining 
approval of the top-level requirements docu-
ment; and 
(ii) coordinating system level performance 
attributes with the Commander of United 
States Strategic Command. 
(B) Intelligence inputs, processes, and 
products, including— 
(i) coordinating, updating, and validating 
the homeland ballistic missile defense vali-
dated online lifecycle threat with the Direc-
tor of the Defense Intelligence Agency; and 
(ii) coordinating and obtaining approval of 
a lifecycle mission data plan. 
(C) Independent assessments, including ob-
taining an initial and updated— 
(i) independent technical risk assessment; 
(ii) independent cost estimate; and 
(iii) capability and utility assessment. 
(D) Models and simulations, including— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00086
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 97-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8629 
November 19, 2021 
(i) obtaining accreditation of interceptor 
models and simulations at both the all up 
round level and subsystem level from the 
Ballistic Missile Defense Operational Test 
Agency; 
(ii) obtaining certification of threat mod-
els used for interceptor ground test from the 
Ballistic Missile Defense Operational Test 
Agency; and 
(iii) obtaining accreditation from the Di-
rector of the Defense Intelligence Agency on 
all threat models, simulations, and associ-
ated data used to support interceptor devel-
opment. 
(E) Capability transfer, including estab-
lishment of a hybrid program office, lead 
military department designation, and trans-
fer agreement. 
(F) Sustainability and obsolescence, in-
cluding coordinating and obtaining approval 
of a lifecycle sustainment plan. 
(G) Cybersecurity, including coordinating 
and obtaining approval of a cybersecurity 
strategy. 
(c) FORM.—The matrices submitted under 
subsection (b) shall be in unclassified form, 
but may contain a classified annex. 
(d) SEMIANNUAL UPDATES
OF MATRICES.— 
Not later than 180 days after the date on 
which the Director submits the matrices de-
scribed in subsection (b) for a year as re-
quired by subsection (a), the Director shall 
submit to the congressional defense commit-
tees and the Comptroller General updates to 
the matrices. 
(e) TREATMENT OF THE FIRST MATRICES AS 
BASELINE.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—The first set of matrices 
submitted under subsection (a) shall be 
treated as the baseline for the full tech-
nology development, product development, 
and initial production phases of the Next 
Generation Interceptor weapon system pro-
gram for purposes of updates submitted 
under subsection (d) and subsequent mat-
rices submitted under subsection (a). 
(2) ELEMENTS.—After the submission of the 
first set of matrices required by subsection 
(a), each update submitted under subsection 
(d) and each subsequent set of matrices sub-
mitted under subsection (a) shall— 
(A) clearly identify changes in key mile-
stones, development events, and specific per-
formance goals identified in the first set of 
matrices under subsection (b)(1); 
(B) provide updated cost estimates under 
subsection (b)(2); and 
(C) provide updated plans and status under 
subsection (b)(3). 
(f) ASSESSMENT BY COMPTROLLER GENERAL 
OF
THE UNITED STATES.—Not later than 60 
days after receiving the matrices described 
in subsection (b) for a year as required by 
subsection (a), the Comptroller General shall 
assess the acquisition progress made with re-
spect to the Next Generation Interceptor 
weapon system and brief the congressional 
defense committees on the results of that as-
sessment. 
(g) TERMINATION.—The requirements of 
this section shall terminate on the date that 
is one year after the Next Generation Inter-
ceptor weapon system achieves initial pro-
duction. 
SEC. 1554. EXTENSION OF PERIOD FOR TRANSI-
TION OF BALLISTIC MISSILE DE-
FENSE PROGRAMS TO MILITARY DE-
PARTMENTS. 
Section 1676(b)(1) of the National Defense 
Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Pub-
lic Law 115–91; 10 U.S.C. 2431 note) is amend-
ed by striking ‘‘the date on which the budget 
of the President for fiscal year 2021 is sub-
mitted under section 1105 of title 31, United 
States Code,’’ and inserting, ‘‘October 1, 
2023’’. 
SEC. 1555. IRON DOME SHORT-RANGE ROCKET 
DEFENSE SYSTEM AND ISRAELI CO-
OPERATIVE MISSILE DEFENSE PRO-
GRAM CO-DEVELOPMENT AND CO- 
PRODUCTION. 
(a) IRON DOME SHORT-RANGE ROCKET DE-
FENSE SYSTEM.— 
(1) AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS.—Of the funds 
authorized to be appropriated by this Act for 
fiscal year 2022 for procurement, Defense- 
wide, and available for the Missile Defense 
Agency, not more than $108,000,000 may be 
provided to the Government of Israel to pro-
cure components for the Iron Dome short- 
range rocket defense system through co-pro-
duction of such components in the United 
States by industry of the United States. 
(2) CONDITIONS.— 
(A) AGREEMENT.—Funds described in para-
graph (1) for the Iron Dome short-range 
rocket defense program shall be available 
subject to the terms and conditions in the 
Agreement Between the Department of De-
fense of the United States of America and 
the Ministry of Defense of the State of Israel 
Concerning Iron Dome Defense System Pro-
curement, signed on March 5, 2014, as amend-
ed to include co-production for Tamir inter-
ceptors. 
(B) CERTIFICATION.—Not later than 30 days 
prior to the initial obligation of funds de-
scribed in paragraph (1), the Under Secretary 
of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment 
shall submit to the appropriate congres-
sional committees— 
(i) a certification that the amended bilat-
eral international agreement specified in 
subparagraph (A) is being implemented as 
provided in such agreement; 
(ii) an assessment detailing any risks re-
lating to the implementation of such agree-
ment; and 
(iii) for system improvements resulting in 
modified Iron Dome components and Tamir 
interceptor sub-components, a certification 
that the Government of Israel has dem-
onstrated successful completion of Produc-
tion Readiness Reviews, including the vali-
dation of production lines, the verification of 
component 
conformance, 
and 
the 
verification of performance to specification 
as defined in the Iron Dome Defense System 
Procurement Agreement, as further amend-
ed. 
(b) ISRAELI COOPERATIVE MISSILE DEFENSE 
PROGRAM, DAVID’S SLING WEAPON SYSTEM CO- 
PRODUCTION.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—Subject to paragraph (3), 
of the funds authorized to be appropriated 
for fiscal year 2022 for procurement, Defense- 
wide, and available for the Missile Defense 
Agency not more than $30,000,000 may be pro-
vided to the Government of Israel to procure 
the David’s Sling Weapon System, including 
for co-production of parts and components in 
the United States by United States industry. 
(2) AGREEMENT.—Provision of funds speci-
fied in paragraph (1) shall be subject to the 
terms and conditions in the bilateral co-pro-
duction agreement, including— 
(A) a one-for-one cash match is made by 
Israel or in another matching amount that 
otherwise meets best efforts (as mutually 
agreed to by the United States and Israel); 
and 
(B) co-production of parts, components, 
and all-up rounds (if appropriate) in the 
United States by United States industry for 
the David’s Sling Weapon System is not less 
than 50 percent. 
(3) CERTIFICATION
AND
ASSESSMENT.—The 
Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition 
and Sustainment shall submit to the appro-
priate congressional committees— 
(A) a certification that the Government of 
Israel has demonstrated the successful com-
pletion of the knowledge points, technical 
milestones, and production readiness reviews 
required by the research, development, and 
technology agreement and the bilateral co- 
production agreement for the David’s Sling 
Weapon System; and 
(B) an assessment detailing any risks re-
lating to the implementation of such agree-
ment. 
(c) ISRAELI COOPERATIVE MISSILE DEFENSE 
PROGRAM, ARROW 3 UPPER TIER INTERCEPTOR 
PROGRAM CO-PRODUCTION.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—Subject to paragraph (2), 
of the funds authorized to be appropriated 
for fiscal year 2022 for procurement, Defense- 
wide, and available for the Missile Defense 
Agency not more than $62,000,000 may be pro-
vided to the Government of Israel for the 
Arrow 3 Upper Tier Interceptor Program, in-
cluding for co-production of parts and com-
ponents in the United States by United 
States industry. 
(2) CERTIFICATION.—The Under Secretary of 
Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment 
shall submit to the appropriate congres-
sional committees a certification that— 
(A) the Government of Israel has dem-
onstrated the successful completion of the 
knowledge points, technical milestones, and 
production readiness reviews required by the 
research, 
development, 
and 
technology 
agreement for the Arrow 3 Upper Tier Inter-
ceptor Program; 
(B) funds specified in paragraph (1) will be 
provided on the basis of a one-for-one cash 
match made by Israel or in another match-
ing amount that otherwise meets best efforts 
(as mutually agreed to by the United States 
and Israel); 
(C) the United States has entered into a bi-
lateral international agreement with Israel 
that establishes, with respect to the use of 
such funds— 
(i) in accordance with subparagraph (D), 
the terms of co-production of parts and com-
ponents on the basis of the greatest prac-
ticable co-production of parts, components, 
and all-up rounds (if appropriate) by United 
States industry and minimizes nonrecurring 
engineering and facilitization expenses to 
the costs needed for co-production; 
(ii) complete transparency on the require-
ment of Israel for the number of interceptors 
and batteries that will be procured, includ-
ing with respect to the procurement plans, 
acquisition strategy, and funding profiles of 
Israel; 
(iii) technical milestones for co-production 
of parts and components and procurement; 
(iv) a joint affordability working group to 
consider cost reduction initiatives; and 
(v) joint approval processes for third-party 
sales; and 
(D) the level of co-production described in 
subparagraph (C)(i) for the Arrow 3 Upper 
Tier Interceptor Program is not less than 50 
percent. 
(d) NUMBER.—In carrying out paragraph (2) 
of subsection (b) and paragraph (2) of sub-
section (c), the Under Secretary may sub-
mit— 
(1) one certification covering both the Da-
vid’s Sling Weapon System and the Arrow 3 
Upper Tier Interceptor Program; or 
(2) separate certifications for each respec-
tive system. 
(e) TIMING.—The Under Secretary shall 
submit to the congressional defense commit-
tees the certification and assessment under 
subsection (b)(3) and the certification under 
subsection (c)(2) no later than 30 days before 
the funds specified in paragraph (1) of sub-
sections (b) and (c) for the respective system 
covered by the certification are provided to 
the Government of Israel. 
(f) APPROPRIATE
CONGRESSIONAL
COMMIT-
TEES
DEFINED.—In this section, the term 
‘‘appropriate 
congressional 
committees’’ 
means the following: 
(1) The congressional defense committees. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00087
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 98-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8630 
November 19, 2021 
(2) The Committee on Foreign Relations of 
the Senate and the Committee on Foreign 
Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 1556. SEMIANNUAL UPDATES ON MEETINGS 
HELD BY THE MISSILE DEFENSE EX-
ECUTIVE BOARD. 
(a) SEMIANNUAL UPDATES.—Not later than 
March 1 and September 1 of each year, the 
Under Secretary of Defense for Research and 
Engineering and the Under Secretary of De-
fense for Acquisition and Sustainment, act-
ing in their capacities as co-chairmen of the 
Missile Defense Executive Board pursuant to 
section 1681(c) of the John S. McCain Na-
tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal 
Year 2019 (Public Law 115–232; 132 Stat. 2162), 
shall provide to the congressional defense 
committees a semiannual update including, 
with respect to the six-month period pre-
ceding the update— 
(1) the dates on which the Board met; and 
(2) except as provided by subsection (b), a 
summary of any decisions made by the Board 
at each meeting of the Board and the ration-
ale for and options that informed such deci-
sions. 
(b) EXCEPTION
FOR
CERTAIN
BUDGETARY 
MATTERS.—The co-chairmen shall not be re-
quired to include in a semiannual update 
under subsection (a) the matters described in 
paragraph (2) of such subsection with respect 
to decisions of the Board relating to the 
budget of the President for a fiscal year if 
the budget for that fiscal year has not been 
submitted to Congress under section 1105 of 
title 31, United States Code, as of the date of 
the semiannual update. 
(c) FORM
OF
UPDATE.—The co-chairmen 
may provide a semiannual update under sub-
section (a) either in the form of a briefing or 
a written report. 
SEC. 1557. INDEPENDENT STUDY OF DEPART-
MENT OF DEFENSE COMPONENTS’ 
ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES RE-
LATING TO MISSILE DEFENSE. 
(a) INDEPENDENT STUDY AND REPORT.— 
(1) CONTRACT.—Not later than 30 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the 
Secretary of Defense shall seek to enter into 
a contract with the National Academy of 
Public Administration (in this section re-
ferred to as the ‘‘Academy’’) for the Acad-
emy to perform the services covered by this 
subsection. 
(2) STUDY
AND
REPORT.—(A) Under an 
agreement between the Secretary and the 
Academy under this subsection, the Acad-
emy shall carry out an study regarding the 
roles and responsibilities of the various com-
ponents of the Department of Defense as 
they pertain to missile defense. 
(B) The study required by subparagraph (A) 
shall include the following: 
(i) A comprehensive assessment and anal-
ysis of existing Department component roles 
and responsibilities for the full range of mis-
sile defense activities, including establish-
ment of requirements, research and develop-
ment, system acquisition, and operations. 
(ii) Identification of gaps in component ca-
pability of each applicability component for 
performing its assigned missile defense roles 
and responsibilities. 
(iii) Identification of opportunities for 
deconflicting mission sets, eliminating areas 
of unnecessary duplication, reducing waste, 
and improving efficiency across the full 
range of missile defense activities. 
(iv) Development of a timetable for the im-
plementation of the opportunities identified 
under clause (iii). 
(v) Development of recommendations for 
such legislative or administrative action as 
the Academy considers appropriate pursuant 
to carrying out clauses (i) through (iv). 
(vi) Such other matters as the Secretary 
may require. 
(C)(i) Not later than one year after the 
date on which the Secretary and the Acad-
emy enter into a contract under paragraph 
(1), the Academy shall submit to the Sec-
retary and the congressional defense com-
mittees a report on the study conducted 
under subparagraph (A) of this paragraph. 
(ii) The report submitted under clause (i) 
shall include the findings of the Academy 
with respect to the study carried out under 
subparagraph (A) and any recommendations 
the Academy may have for legislative or ad-
ministrative action pursuant to such study. 
(3) ALTERNATE
CONTRACT
ORGANIZATION.— 
(A) If the Secretary is unable within the 
time period prescribed in paragraph (1) to 
enter into an agreement described in such 
paragraph with the Academy on terms ac-
ceptable to the Secretary, the Secretary 
shall seek to enter into such an agreement 
with another appropriate organization that— 
(i) is not part of the Government; 
(ii) operates as a not-for-profit entity; and 
(iii) has expertise and objectivity com-
parable to that of the Academy. 
(B) If the Secretary enters into an agree-
ment with another organization as described 
in subparagraph (A), any reference in this 
subsection to the Academy shall be treated 
as a reference to the other organization. 
(b) REPORT
BY SECRETARY
OF DEFENSE.— 
Not later than 120 days after the date on 
which the report is submitted pursuant to 
subsection (a)(2)(C), the Secretary shall sub-
mit to the congressional defense committees 
a report on the views of the Secretary on the 
findings and recommendations set forth in 
the report submitted under such subsection, 
together with such recommendations as the 
Secretary may have for changes in the struc-
ture, functions, responsibilities, and authori-
ties of the Department. 
TITLE XVI—CYBERSPACE-RELATED 
MATTERS 
SEC. 1601. MATTERS CONCERNING CYBER PER-
SONNEL REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of Defense 
shall— 
(1) determine the overall workforce re-
quirement of the Department of Defense for 
cyber and information operation military 
personnel across the active and reserve com-
ponents of the Armed Forces (other than the 
Coast Guard) and for civilian personnel, and 
in doing so shall— 
(A) consider personnel in positions secur-
ing the Department of Defense Information 
Network and associated enterprise informa-
tion technology, defense agencies and field 
activities, and combatant commands, includ-
ing current billets primarily associated with 
the information environment and cyberspace 
domain and projected future billets; 
(B) consider the mix between military and 
civilian personnel, active and reserve compo-
nents, and the use of the National Guard; 
(C) develop a workforce development plan 
that covers accessions, training, and edu-
cation; and 
(D) consider such other elements as the 
Secretary determines appropriate; 
(2) assess current and future general infor-
mation warfare and cyber education cur-
riculum and requirements for military and 
civilian personnel, including— 
(A) acquisition personnel; 
(B) accessions and recruits to the military 
services; 
(C) cadets and midshipmen at the military 
service academies and enrolled in the Senior 
Reserve Officers’ Training Corps; 
(D) information environment and cyber-
space military and civilian personnel; and 
(E) 
non-information 
environment 
and 
cyberspace military and civilian personnel; 
(3) identify appropriate locations for infor-
mation warfare and cyber education for mili-
tary and civilian personnel, including— 
(A) the military service academies; 
(B) the educational institutions described 
in section 2151(b) of title 10, United States 
Code; 
(C) the Air Force Institute of Technology; 
(D) the National Defense University; 
(E) the Joint Special Operations Univer-
sity; 
(F) any other military educational institu-
tion of the Department specified by the Sec-
retary for purposes of this section; 
(G) the Cyber Centers of Academic Excel-
lence certified jointly by the National Secu-
rity Agency and the Department of Home-
land Security; and 
(H) potential future educational institu-
tions of the Federal Government, including 
an assessment, in consultation with the Sec-
retary of Homeland Security and the Na-
tional Cyber Director, of the feasibility and 
advisability of a National Cyber Academy or 
similar institute created for the purpose of 
educating and training civilian and military 
personnel for service in cyber, information, 
and related fields throughout the Federal 
Government; and 
(4) determine— 
(A) whether the cyberspace domain and in-
formation warfare mission requires a grad-
uate-level professional military education 
college on par with and distinct from the war 
colleges for the Army, Navy, and Air Force 
in effect on the day before the date of the en-
actment of this Act; 
(B) whether such a college should be joint; 
and 
(C) where it should be located. 
(b) REPORT REQUIRED.—Not later than No-
vember 1, 2022, the Secretary shall provide 
the Committee on Armed Services of the 
Senate and the Committee on Armed Serv-
ices of the House of Representatives a brief-
ing and, not later than Jan 1, 2023, the Sec-
retary shall submit to such committees a re-
port on— 
(1) the findings of the Secretary in car-
rying out subsection (a); 
(2) an implementation plan to achieve fu-
ture information warfare and cyber edu-
cation requirements at appropriate loca-
tions; 
(3) such recommendations as the Secretary 
may have for personnel needs in information 
warfare and the cyberspace domain; and 
(4) such legislative or administrative ac-
tion as the Secretary identifies as necessary 
to effectively meet cyber personnel require-
ments. 
(c) EDUCATION DEFINED.—The term ‘‘edu-
cation’’ includes formal education require-
ments, such as degrees and certification in 
targeted subject areas, but also general 
training, including— 
(1) reskilling; 
(2) knowledge, skills, and abilities; and 
(3) nonacademic professional development. 
SEC. 1602. CYBER DATA MANAGEMENT. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
the Secretary of Defense, acting through the 
Principal Cyber Advisor to the Secretary of 
Defense, and the Chief Information Officer of 
the Department of Defense shall— 
(1) develop a strategy and plan to access 
and utilize data associated with the Depart-
ment of Defense Information Network enter-
prise that can support offensive and defen-
sive cyber operations from components of 
the Department other than the Cyber Mis-
sion Forces, such as the National Security 
Agency, counterintelligence components of 
the Department, and cybersecurity service 
providers; 
(2) develop processes or operating proce-
dures governing the ingest, structuring, and 
storage of intelligence data, cyber threat in-
formation and Department of Defense Infor-
mation Network sensor, tool, routing infra-
structure, and endpoint data in Big Data 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00088
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 99-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8631 
November 19, 2021 
Platform instances, relevant Cyber Oper-
ations Force systems, relevant United States 
Cyber Command commercial cloud enclaves, 
and other Department of Defense data lakes 
containing information pertinent to United 
States Cyber Command missions; and 
(3) develop a strategy for piloting efforts, 
development of operational workflows and 
tactics, techniques, and procedures for the 
operational use of mission data by the Cyber 
Operations Force. 
(b) ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES.—Not later 
than 270 days after the date of the enactment 
of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, acting 
through the Principal Cyber Advisor to the 
Secretary, the Commander of United States 
Cyber Command, and the Secretaries of the 
military departments, shall establish the 
specific roles and responsibilities of the fol-
lowing in implementing each of the tasks re-
quired by subsection (a): 
(1) The United States Cyber Command. 
(2) Program offices responsible for the 
components of the Joint Cyber Warfighting 
Architecture. 
(3) The military services. 
(4) The Department of Defense Chief Infor-
mation Officer and Chief Data Officer. 
(5) Any other program office, headquarters 
element, or operational component newly 
instantiated or deemed relevant by the Sec-
retary. 
(c) BRIEFING.—Not later than 300 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the 
Secretary shall provide to the congressional 
defense committees a briefing on the roles 
and responsibilities established under sub-
section (b). 
SEC. 1603. ASSIGNMENT OF CERTAIN BUDGET 
CONTROL 
RESPONSIBILITIES 
TO 
COMMANDER OF UNITED STATES 
CYBER COMMAND. 
(a) ASSIGNMENT OF RESPONSIBILITIES.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—The Commander of United 
States Cyber Command shall, subject to the 
authority, direction, and control of the Prin-
cipal Cyber Advisor of the Department of De-
fense, be responsible for directly controlling 
and managing the planning, programming, 
budgeting, and execution of the resources to 
train, equip, operate, and sustain the Cyber 
Mission Forces. 
(2) EFFECTIVE
DATE
AND
APPLICABILITY.— 
Paragraph (1) shall take effect on January 1, 
2022, for control over budget execution, and 
shall apply with respect to planning, pro-
gramming, budgeting, and execution of re-
sources for fiscal year 2024 and each fiscal 
year thereafter. 
(b) ELEMENTS.— 
(1) IN
GENERAL.—The responsibilities as-
signed to the Commander by subsection 
(a)(1) shall include the following: 
(A) Preparation of a program objective 
memorandum and budget estimate submis-
sion for the resources required to train, 
equip, operate, and sustain the Cyber Mis-
sion Forces. 
(B) Preparation of budget materials per-
taining to United States Cyber Command for 
inclusion in the budget justification mate-
rials that are submitted to Congress in sup-
port of the Department of Defense budget for 
a fiscal year (as submitted with the budget 
of the President for a fiscal year under sec-
tion 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code) 
that is separate from any other military 
service or component of the Department. 
(2) RESPONSIBILITIES NOT DELEGATED.—The 
responsibilities assigned to the Commander 
by subsection (a)(1) shall not include the fol-
lowing: 
(A) Military pay and allowances. 
(B) Funding for facility support that is 
provided by the military services. 
(c) IMPLEMENTATION PLAN.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than the date 
that is 30 days after the date of the enact-
ment of this Act, the Comptroller of the De-
partment of Defense and the Commander of 
United States Cyber Command, in coordina-
tion with Chief Information Officer of the 
Department, the Principal Cyber Advisor, 
the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisi-
tion and Sustainment, Cost Assessment and 
Program Evaluation, and the Secretaries of 
the military departments, shall jointly de-
velop an implementation plan for the transi-
tion of responsibilities assigned by sub-
section (a)(1). 
(2) ELEMENTS.—The implementation plan 
developed under paragraph (1) shall include 
the following: 
(A) A budgetary review to identify appro-
priate resources for transfer to the Com-
mander of United States Cyber Command for 
carrying out responsibilities assigned by sub-
section (a)(1). 
(B) Definition of appropriate roles and re-
sponsibilities. 
(C) Specification of all program elements 
and subelements, and the training, equip-
ment, Joint Cyber Warfighting Architecture 
capabilities, other enabling capabilities and 
infrastructure, intelligence support, oper-
ations, and sustainment investments in each 
program element and subelement, for which 
the Commander of United States Cyber Com-
mand is responsible. 
(D) Specification of all program elements 
and subelements, and the training, equip-
ment, Joint Cyber Warfighting Architecture 
capabilities, other enabling capabilities and 
infrastructure, intelligence support, oper-
ations, and sustainment investments in each 
program element and subelement, relevant 
to or that support the Cyber Mission Force 
for which the Secretaries of the military de-
partments are responsible. 
(E) Required levels of civilian and military 
staffing within the United States Cyber 
Command to execute proper planning, pro-
gramming, budgeting, and execution of the 
responsibilities assigned by subsection (a)(1), 
and an estimate of when such levels of staff-
ing will be achieved. 
(d) BRIEFING.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than the earlier 
of the date on which the implementation 
plan required by subsection (c) is completed 
and the date that is 90 days after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of 
Defense shall provide the congressional de-
fense committees a briefing on the imple-
mentation plan. 
(2) ELEMENTS.—The briefing required by 
paragraph (1) shall address any recommenda-
tions for when and how the Secretary of De-
fense should delegate to the Commander of 
United States Cyber Command budget au-
thority for Cyber Operations Forces, as stat-
ed in section 167b(d)(2) of title 10, United 
States Code, after successful implementation 
of budget authority for the Cyber Mission 
Forces. 
SEC. 1604. COORDINATION BETWEEN UNITED 
STATES CYBER COMMAND AND PRI-
VATE SECTOR. 
(a) VOLUNTARY PROCESS.—Not later than 
January 1, 2023, the Commander of United 
States Cyber Command shall establish a vol-
untary process to engage with commercial 
information technology and cybersecurity 
companies to explore and develop methods 
and plans through which the capabilities, 
knowledge, and actions of— 
(1) companies operating inside the United 
States to defend against foreign malicious 
cyber actors could assist or be coordinated 
with the actions of Cyber Command oper-
ating outside the United States against the 
same foreign malicious cyber actors; and 
(2) Cyber Command operating outside the 
United States against foreign malicious 
cyber actors could assist or be coordinated 
with the actions of companies operating in-
side the United States against the same for-
eign malicious cyber actors. 
(b) ANNUAL BRIEFING.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—During the period begin-
ning on March 1, 2022, and ending on March 
1, 2026, the Commander shall, not less fre-
quently than once each year, provide to the 
Committee on Armed Services of the Senate 
and the Committee on Armed Services of the 
House of Representatives a briefing on the 
status of activities conducted under sub-
section (a). 
(2) 
ELEMENTS.—Each 
briefing 
provided 
under paragraph (1) shall include the fol-
lowing: 
(A) Such recommendations for legislative 
or administrative action as the Commander 
considers appropriate to improve and facili-
tate the planning activities conducted under 
subsection (a). 
(B) Such recommendations as the Com-
mander may have for increasing private sec-
tor participation in the planning activities 
conducted under subsection (a). 
(C) A description of the challenges encoun-
tered in carrying out subsection (a), includ-
ing any concerns expressed to the Com-
mander by private sector partners regarding 
participation 
in 
the 
planning 
activities 
under such subsection. 
(D) A description of any improvements re-
sulting from the planning activities con-
ducted in subsection (a). 
(E) Such other matters as the Commander 
considers appropriate. 
(c) PROTECTION
OF
TRADE
SECRETS
AND 
PROPRIETARY
INFORMATION.—The 
Com-
mander shall ensure that any trade secret or 
proprietary information of a company en-
gaged with the Department through the 
process established under subsection (a) that 
is made known to the Department pursuant 
to such process remains private and pro-
tected unless otherwise explicitly authorized 
by the company. 
(d) RULE
OF
CONSTRUCTION.—Nothing in 
this section shall be construed to authorize 
United States Cyber Command to conduct 
operations inside the United States or for 
private sector entities to conduct offensive 
cyber activities outside the United States, 
except to the extent such operations or ac-
tivities are permitted by a provision of law 
in effect on the day before the date of the en-
actment of this Act. 
SEC. 1605. PILOT PROGRAM ON PUBLIC-PRIVATE 
PARTNERSHIPS 
WITH 
INTERNET 
ECOSYSTEM COMPANIES TO DETECT 
AND DISRUPT ADVERSARY CYBER 
OPERATIONS. 
(a) PILOT REQUIRED.—Not later than one 
year after the date of the enactment of this 
Act, the Secretary of Defense shall establish 
and commence a pilot program to assess the 
feasibility and advisability of entering into 
public-private partnerships with internet 
ecosystem companies to facilitate actions by 
such companies to discover and disrupt use 
of the platforms, systems, services, and in-
frastructure of such companies by malicious 
cyber actors. 
(b) PUBLIC-PRIVATE PARTNERSHIPS.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—Under the pilot program 
required by subsection (a), the Secretary 
shall seek to enter into one or more public- 
private partnerships with internet ecosystem 
companies to facilitate actions as described 
in subsection (a). 
(2) VOLUNTARY
PARTICIPATION.—Participa-
tion by an internet ecosystem company in a 
public-private partnership under the pilot 
program shall be voluntary. 
(c) 
AUTHORIZED
ACTIVITIES.—In 
estab-
lishing and conducting the pilot program 
under subsection (a), the Secretary may— 
(1) provide assistance to a participating 
company in developing effective know-your- 
customer processes and requirements; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00089
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 100-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8632 
November 19, 2021 
(2) provide information, analytics, and 
technical assistance to improve the ability 
of participating companies to detect and pre-
vent illicit or suspicious procurement, pay-
ment, and account creation; 
(3) develop and socialize best practices for 
the collection, retention, and sharing of data 
by participating companies to support dis-
covery of malicious cyber activity, inves-
tigations, and attribution; 
(4) provide timely information to partici-
pating companies, such as foreign actor tech-
nical persona identification details, informa-
tion about ongoing operations and infra-
structure, and indicators of compromise, to 
enable such companies to detect and disrupt 
the use of their platforms, systems, services, 
and infrastructure by malicious cyber ac-
tors; 
(5) facilitate development of threat-shar-
ing, information-exchange, and data pooling 
and analysis arrangements among partici-
pating companies such that individual com-
panies or trusted third parties, such as cy-
bersecurity nonprofit organizations or infor-
mation-sharing and analysis centers, can 
correlate relevant data and indicators, as de-
scribed in paragraph (3), across platforms, 
systems, services, and infrastructure; 
(6) provide recommendations for and assist 
in the development and institution of oper-
ational workflows, assessment and compli-
ance practices, and training that partici-
pating companies can institute reliably to 
detect and disrupt the use of their platforms, 
systems, services, and infrastructure by ma-
licious cyber actors; 
(7) accelerate to the greatest extent pos-
sible, the automation of existing or insti-
tuted operational workflows to operate at 
line-rate in order to enable real-time mitiga-
tion without the need for manual review or 
action; 
(8) provide recommendations for and assist 
in the development of technical capabilities 
to enable participating companies to collect 
and analyze data on activities occurring on 
their platforms, systems, services, and infra-
structure to detect and disrupt operations of 
malicious cyber actors; and 
(9) provide recommendations regarding rel-
evant mitigations for suspected or discov-
ered malicious cyber activity and thresholds 
for action. 
(d) COMPETITION CONCERNS.—The Secretary 
shall ensure that any trade secret or propri-
etary information of a participating com-
pany made known to the Department of De-
fense pursuant to a public-private partner-
ship under the pilot program remains private 
and protected unless explicitly authorized by 
the participating company. 
(e) IMPARTIALITY.—In carrying out the 
pilot program under subsection (a), the Sec-
retary shall not take any action that is in-
tended primarily to advance the particular 
business interests of a given company but 
are otherwise authorized to take actions 
that advance the interests of the United 
States, notwithstanding differential impact 
or benefit to a given company’s or given 
companies’ business interests. 
(f) PARTICIPATION OF OTHER FEDERAL GOV-
ERNMENT COMPONENTS.—The Secretary may 
invite to participate in the pilot program re-
quired by subsection (a) the heads of such de-
partments or agencies as the Secretary con-
siders appropriate. 
(g) LIMITATION ON GOVERNMENT ACCESS TO 
DATA.—The Secretary shall ensure that Gov-
ernment officials involved in the pilot pro-
gram have access to information authorized 
to be shared with the Federal Government 
pursuant to the Cybersecurity Information 
Sharing Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–113; 6 
U.S.C. 1501 et seq.). 
(h) BRIEFINGS.— 
(1) INITIAL.—Not later than one year after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the 
Secretary of Defense shall brief the Com-
mittee on Armed Services of the Senate and 
the Committee on Armed Services of the 
House of Representatives on the pilot pro-
gram and the plans for the conduct of the 
pilot program under subsection (a). 
(2) FOLLOW-UP.—Not later than 540 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
the Secretary shall brief the committees de-
scribed in paragraph (1) on the progress of 
the pilot program conducted under sub-
section (a), the projected end date of the 
pilot program, and the findings of the Sec-
retary with respect to the feasibility and ad-
visability of extending or expanding the 
pilot program. 
(i) DEFINITIONS.—In this section: 
(1) The term ‘‘internet ecosystem com-
pany’’ means a business incorporated in the 
United States that provide cybersecurity 
services, internet service, content delivery 
services, Domain Name Service, cloud serv-
ices, mobile telecommunications services, 
email 
and 
messaging 
services, 
internet 
browser services, or such other services as 
the Secretary determines appropriate for the 
purposes of the pilot program required by 
subsection (a). 
(2) The term ‘‘participating company’’ 
means an internet ecosystem company that 
has entered into a public-private partnership 
with the Secretary under subsection (b). 
SEC. 1606. ZERO TRUST STRATEGY, PRINCIPLES, 
MODEL ARCHITECTURE, AND IMPLE-
MENTATION PLANS. 
(a) ZERO TRUST STRATEGY, PRINCIPLES, AND 
MODEL ARCHITECTURE REQUIRED.—Not later 
than 270 days after the date of the enactment 
of this Act, the Chief Information Officer of 
the Department of Defense and the Com-
mander of Joint Forces Headquarters-De-
partment of Defense Information Network 
shall jointly develop a zero trust strategy, 
principles, and a model architecture to be 
implemented across the Department of De-
fense Information Network, including classi-
fied networks, operational technology, and 
weapon systems. 
(b) STRATEGY, PRINCIPLES, AND MODEL AR-
CHITECTURE ELEMENTS.—The zero trust strat-
egy, principles, and model architecture re-
quired under subsection (a) shall include, at 
a minimum, the following elements: 
(1) Prioritized policies and procedures for 
establishing implementations of mature zero 
trust enabling capabilities within on-prem-
ises, hybrid, and pure cloud environments, 
including access control policies that deter-
mine which persona or device shall have ac-
cess to which resources and the following: 
(A) Identity, credential, and access man-
agement. 
(B) Macro and micro network segmenta-
tion, whether in virtual, logical, or physical 
environments. 
(C) Traffic inspection. 
(D) Application security and containment. 
(E) Transmission, ingest, storage, and real- 
time analysis of cybersecurity metadata 
endpoints, networks, and storage devices. 
(F) Data management, data rights manage-
ment, and access controls. 
(G) End-to-end encryption. 
(H) User access and behavioral monitoring, 
logging, and analysis. 
(I) Data loss detection and prevention 
methodologies. 
(J) Least privilege, including system or 
network administrator privileges. 
(K) Endpoint cybersecurity, including se-
cure host, endpoint detection and response, 
and comply-to-connect requirements. 
(L) Automation and orchestration. 
(M) Configuration management of virtual 
machines, devices, servers, routers, and simi-
lar to be maintained on a single virtual de-
vice approved list (VDL). 
(2) Policies specific to operational tech-
nology, critical data, infrastructures, weap-
on systems, and classified networks. 
(3) Specification of enterprise-wide acquisi-
tions of capabilities conducted or to be con-
ducted pursuant to those policies. 
(4) Specification of standard zero trust 
principles supporting reference architectures 
and metrics-based assessment plan. 
(5) Roles, responsibilities, functions, and 
operational workflows of zero trust cyberse-
curity architecture and information tech-
nology personnel— 
(A) at combatant commands, military 
services, and defense agencies; and 
(B) Joint Forces Headquarters-Department 
of Defense Information Network. 
(c) ARCHITECTURE DEVELOPMENT
AND IM-
PLEMENTATION.—In developing and imple-
menting the zero trust principles and model 
architecture required under subsection (a), 
the Chief Information Officer and the Com-
mander shall— 
(1) coordinate with— 
(A) the Principal Cyber Advisor to the Sec-
retary of Defense; 
(B) military departments and defense agen-
cies; 
(C) the Director of the National Security 
Agency Cybersecurity Directorate; 
(D) the Director of the Defense Advanced 
Research Projects Agency; 
(E) the Chief Information Officers of each 
military service; 
(F) the Commanders of the cyber compo-
nents of the military services; 
(G) the Principal Cyber Advisors of each 
military service; and 
(H) the Chairman of the Joints Chiefs of 
Staff; 
(2) assess the utility of the Joint Regional 
Security Stacks, automated continuous end-
point monitoring program, assured compli-
ance assessment solution, and each of the de-
fenses at the Internet Access Points for their 
relevance and applicability to the zero trust 
architecture and opportunities for integra-
tion or divestment; 
(3) employ all available resources to in-
clude online training, leveraging commer-
cially available zero trust training material, 
and other Federal agency training where fea-
sible, to implement cybersecurity training 
on zero trust at the— 
(A) executive level; 
(B) cybersecurity professional or imple-
menter level; and 
(C) general knowledge levels for Depart-
ment of Defense users; 
(4) facilitate cyber protection team and cy-
bersecurity service provider threat hunting 
and discovery of novel adversary activity; 
(5) assess and implement means to effect 
Joint Force Headquarters–Department of De-
fense 
Information 
Network’s 
automated 
command and control of the entire Depart-
ment of Defense Information Network; 
(6) assess the potential of and, as appro-
priate, encourage use of third-party cyberse-
curity-as-a-service models; 
(7) engage with and conduct outreach to in-
dustry, academia, international partners, 
and other departments and agencies of the 
Federal Government on issues relating to de-
ployment of zero trust architectures; 
(8) assess the current Comply-to-Connect 
Plan; and 
(9) review past and conduct additional pi-
lots to guide development, including— 
(A) utilization of networks designated for 
testing and accreditation under section 1658 
of the National Defense Authorization Act 
for Fiscal Year 2020 (Public Law 116–92; 10 
U.S.C. 2224 note); 
(B) use of automated red team products for 
assessment of pilot architectures; and 
(C) accreditation of piloted cybersecurity 
products for enterprise use in line with the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00090
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 101-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8633 
November 19, 2021 
findings on enterprise accreditation stand-
ards as performed under section 1654 of such 
Act (133 Stat. 1764; Public Law 116–92). 
(d) IMPLEMENTATION PLANS.— 
(1) IN
GENERAL.—No later than one year 
after the finalization of the model zero trust 
principles and architecture required under 
subsection (a), the head of each military de-
partment and the head of each component of 
the Department of Defense shall transmit to 
the Chief Information Officer of the Depart-
ment and the Commander of Joint Forces 
Headquarters-Department of Defense Infor-
mation Network a draft plan to implement 
such zero trust strategy, principles, and 
model architecture across the networks of 
their respective components and military de-
partment. 
(2) ELEMENTS.—Each implementation plan 
transmitted under paragraph (1) shall in-
clude, at a minimum, the following: 
(A) Specific acquisitions, implementations, 
instrumentations, and operational workflows 
to be implemented, across unclassified and 
classified networks, operational technology, 
and weapon systems. 
(B) A detailed schedule with target mile-
stones and required expenditures. 
(C) Interim and final metrics, including a 
phase migration plan. 
(D) Identification of additional funding, 
authorities, and policies, as may be required. 
(E) Requested waivers, exceptions to De-
partment of Defense policy, and expected 
delays. 
(3) LIMITATION
ON
PROCUREMENT.—A head 
described in paragraph (1) who transmits a 
plan under such paragraph may not procure 
any hardware or software pursuant to such 
plan until the Chief Information Office and 
the Commander both certify that the plan 
complies with Department interoperability 
needs, the Department zero trust reference 
architecture, and redundancy, resiliency, 
and federation requirements of the Depart-
ment. 
(e) IMPLEMENTATION OVERSIGHT.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—The Chief Information Of-
ficer shall— 
(A) assess the implementation plans sub-
mitted under subsection (d)(1) for adequacy 
and responsiveness to the principles and 
model architecture required by subsection 
(a); 
(B) assess such implementation plans and 
their institution for appropriate use of enter-
prise-wide acquisitions; 
(C) ensure, at a high level, the interoper-
ability and compatibility of individual com-
ponents’ Solutions Architectures to include 
the leveraging of enterprise capabilities 
where appropriate through standards deriva-
tion, policy and, reviews; 
(D) use the annual investment guidance of 
the Chief to ensure appropriate implementa-
tion, including appropriate use of enterprise- 
wide acquisitions; 
(E) track use of waivers and exceptions to 
policy; 
(F) use the Cybersecurity Scorecard to 
track and drive implementation of Depart-
ment components; and 
(G) leverage the authorities of the Com-
mander of Joint Forces Headquarters-De-
partment of Defense Information Network 
and the Director of the Defense Information 
Systems Agency to begin implementation of 
the zero trust strategy, principles, and model 
architecture developed under subsection (a). 
(2) ASSESSMENTS
OF
FUNDING.—Not later 
than March 31, 2024, and annually thereafter, 
each Principal Cyber Advisor of a military 
service shall include in the annual budget 
certification of the military service, as re-
quired by section 1657(d) of the National De-
fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2020 
(Public Law 116–92; 10 U.S.C. 391 note), an as-
sessment of the adequacy of funding re-
quested for each proposed budget for the pur-
poses of carrying out the zero trust imple-
mentation plan for the military service de-
veloped in subsection (d). 
(f) INITIAL BRIEFINGS.— 
(1) BRIEFINGS
ON
MODEL
ARCHITECTURE.— 
Not later than 90 days after finalizing the 
model zero trust principles and architecture 
required by subsection (a), the Chief Infor-
mation Officer of the Department and the 
Commander of Joint Forces Headquarters- 
Department of Defense Information Network 
shall provide a briefing to the congressional 
defense committees on such strategy, prin-
ciples, and model architecture. 
(2) BRIEFINGS ON IMPLEMENTATION PLANS.— 
No later than 90 days after the Department 
of Defense Chief Information Officer’s re-
ceipt of an implementation plan required 
under subsection (d), the secretary of a mili-
tary department, in the case of an implemen-
tation plan pertaining to a military depart-
ment or a military service, or the Chief In-
formation Officer of the Department, in the 
case of an implementation plan pertaining to 
a remaining component of the Department, 
as the case may be, shall each provide a 
briefing to the congressional defense com-
mittees on the implementation plan. 
(g) ANNUAL BRIEFINGS.—Effective February 
1, 2022, at each of the annual cybersecurity 
budget review briefings of the Chief Informa-
tion Officer of the Department and the mili-
tary services for congressional staff until 
January 1, 2030, the Chief and the head of 
each of the military services shall provide 
updates on the implementation of the zero 
trust architecture in their respective net-
works. 
SEC. 
1607. 
DEMONSTRATION 
PROGRAM 
FOR 
AUTOMATED SECURITY VALIDATION 
TOOLS. 
(a) DEMONSTRATION PROGRAM REQUIRED.— 
Not later than October 1, 2024, the Chief In-
formation Officer of the Department of De-
fense shall, acting through the Director of 
the Defense Information Systems Agency, 
complete a demonstration program to dem-
onstrate and assess an automated security 
validation capability to assist the Depart-
ment of Defense by— 
(1) mitigating cyber hygiene challenges; 
(2) supporting ongoing efforts of the De-
partment to assess weapon system resil-
iency; 
(3) quantifying enterprise security effec-
tiveness of enterprise security controls, to 
inform future acquisition decisions of the 
Department; 
(4) assisting portfolio managers with bal-
ancing capability costs and capability cov-
erage of the threat landscape; and 
(5) supporting the Department of Defense 
Cybersecurity Analysis and Review threat 
framework. 
(b) CONSIDERATIONS.—In developing capa-
bilities for the demonstration program re-
quired by subsection (a), the Chief Informa-
tion Officer shall consider— 
(1) integration of advanced commercially 
available threat intelligence; 
(2) metrics and scoring of security con-
trols; 
(3) cyber analysis, cyber campaign track-
ing, and cybersecurity information sharing; 
(4) integration of security instrumentation 
and testing capability into cybersecurity en-
claves and existing cybersecurity controls; 
(5) endpoint sandboxing; and 
(6) use of actual adversary attack meth-
odologies. 
(c) COORDINATION
WITH
MILITARY
SERV-
ICES.—In carrying out the demonstration 
program required by subsection (a), the Chief 
Information Officer shall, acting through the 
Director of the Defense Information Systems 
Agency, coordinate demonstration program 
activities with complementary efforts on- 
going within the military services, defense 
agencies, and field agencies. 
(d) 
INDEPENDENT
CAPABILITY
ASSESS-
MENT.—In carrying out the demonstration 
program required by subsection (a), the Chief 
Information Officer shall, acting through the 
Director of the Defense Information Systems 
Agency and in coordination with the Direc-
tor, Operational Test and Evaluation, per-
form operational testing to evaluate the 
operational effectiveness, suitability, and 
cybersecurity of the capabilities developed 
under the demonstration program. 
(e) BRIEFING.— 
(1) INITIAL BRIEFING.—Not later than April 
1, 2022, the Chief Information Officer shall 
brief the Committee on Armed Services of 
the Senate and the Committee on Armed 
Services of the House of Representatives on 
the plans and status of the Chief Information 
Officer with respect to the demonstration 
program required by subsection (a). 
(2) FINAL BRIEFING.—Not later than Octo-
ber 1, 2024, the Chief Information Officer 
shall brief the Committee on Armed Services 
of the Senate and the Committee on Armed 
Services of the House of Representatives on 
the results and findings of the Chief Informa-
tion Officer with respect to the demonstra-
tion program required by subsection (a). 
SEC. 1608. IMPROVEMENTS TO CONSORTIUM OF 
UNIVERSITIES 
TO 
ADVISE 
SEC-
RETARY OF DEFENSE ON CYBERSE-
CURITY MATTERS. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Section 1659 of the Na-
tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal 
Year 2020 (Public Law 116–92; 10 U.S.C. 391 
note) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), in the matter before 
paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘one or more con-
sortia’’ and inserting ‘‘a consortium’’; and 
(2) in subsection (c), by amending para-
graph (1) to read as follows: 
‘‘(1) 
DESIGNATION
OF
ADMINISTRATIVE 
CHAIR.—The Secretary of Defense shall des-
ignate the National Defense University Col-
lege of Information and Cyberspace to func-
tion as the administrative chair of the con-
sortium established under subsection (a).’’. 
(b) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS.—Such sec-
tion is further amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(1), by striking ‘‘or con-
sortia’’; 
(2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘or con-
sortia’’; 
(3) in subsection (c)— 
(A) by striking paragraph (2); 
(B) by redesignating paragraphs (3) and (4) 
as paragraphs (2) and (3), respectively; 
(C) in paragraph (2), as redesignated by 
subparagraph (B)— 
(i) in the matter before subparagraph (A)— 
(I) by striking ‘‘Each administrative’’ and 
inserting ‘‘The administrative’’; and 
(II) by striking ‘‘a consortium’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘the consortium’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘for 
the term specified by the Secretary under 
paragraph (1)’’; 
(D) by amending paragraph (3), as redesig-
nated by subparagraph (B), to read as fol-
lows: 
‘‘(3) 
EXECUTIVE
COMMITTEE.—The 
Sec-
retary, in consultation with the administra-
tive chair, may form an executive committee 
for the consortium that is comprised of rep-
resentatives of the Federal Government to 
assist the chair with the management and 
functions of the consortium.’’; and 
(4) by amending subsection (d) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(d) CONSULTATION.—The Secretary shall 
meet with such members of the consortium 
as the Secretary considers appropriate, not 
less frequently than twice each year or at 
such periodicity as is agreed to by the Sec-
retary and the consortium.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00091
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 102-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8634 
November 19, 2021 
SEC. 1609. QUARTERLY REPORTS ON CYBER OP-
ERATIONS. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Section 484 of title 10, 
United States Code is amended— 
(1) in the section heading, by inserting 
‘‘and reports’’ after ‘‘briefings’’; 
(2) in subsection (a)— 
(A) by inserting ‘‘AND
REPORTS’’ after 
‘‘BRIEFINGS’’; and 
(B) by inserting ‘‘, and submit to the con-
gressional defense committees a report on,’’ 
after ‘‘briefings on’’; and 
(3) in subsection (b), in the matter before 
paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘and report’’ 
after ‘‘Each briefing’’. 
(b) CLERICAL
AMENDMENT.—The table of 
sections at the beginning of chapter 23 of 
such title is amended by striking the item 
relating to section 484 and inserting the fol-
lowing new item: 
‘‘484. Quarterly cyber operations briefings 
and reports.’’. 
SEC. 1610. ASSESSMENT OF CYBERSECURITY POS-
TURE AND OPERATIONAL ASSUMP-
TIONS AND DEVELOPMENT OF TAR-
GETING 
STRATEGIES 
AND 
SUP-
PORTING CAPABILITIES. 
(a) ASSESSMENT
OF
CYBERSECURITY
POS-
TURE OF ADVERSARIES AND OPERATIONAL AS-
SUMPTIONS OF UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than one year 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
the Commander of United States Cyber Com-
mand, the Under Secretary of Defense for 
Policy, and the Under Secretary of Defense 
for Intelligence and Security, shall jointly 
sponsor or conduct an assessment, including, 
if appropriate, a war-game or tabletop exer-
cise, of the current and emerging offensive 
cyber posture of adversaries of the United 
States and the current operational assump-
tions and plans of the Armed Forces for of-
fensive cyber operations during potential 
crises or conflict. 
(2) ELEMENTS.—The assessment required by 
paragraph (1) shall include consideration of 
the following: 
(A) Changes to strategies, operational con-
cepts, operational preparation of the envi-
ronment, and rules of engagement. 
(B) Opportunities provided by armed forces 
in theaters of operations and other innova-
tive alternatives. 
(C) Changes in intelligence community (as 
defined in section 3 of the National Security 
Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003)) targeting and op-
erations in support of the Department of De-
fense. 
(D) Adversary capabilities to deny or de-
grade United States activities in cyberspace. 
(E) Adversaries’ targeting of United States 
critical infrastructure and implications for 
United States policy. 
(F) Potential effect of emerging tech-
nologies, such as fifth generation mobile net-
works, expanded use of cloud information 
technology services, and artificial intel-
ligence. 
(G) Changes in organizational design. 
(H) The effect of private sector cybersecu-
rity research. 
(b) DEVELOPMENT
OF TARGETING STRATE-
GIES, SUPPORTING CAPABILITIES, AND OPER-
ATIONAL CONCEPTS.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than one year 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
the Commander shall— 
(A) assess and establish the capabilities, 
capacities, tools, and tactics required to sup-
port targeting strategies for— 
(i) day-to-day persistent engagement of ad-
versaries, including support to information 
operations; 
(ii) support to geographic combatant com-
manders at the onset of hostilities and dur-
ing sustained conflict; and 
(iii) deterrence of attacks on United States 
critical infrastructure, including the threat 
of counter value responses; 
(B) develop future cyber targeting strate-
gies and capabilities across the categories of 
cyber missions and target classes where— 
(i) time-consuming and human effort-in-
tensive stealthy operations are required to 
acquire and maintain access to targets, and 
the mission is so important it is worthwhile 
to expend such efforts to hold them at risk; 
(ii) target prosecution requires unique ac-
cess and exploitation tools and technologies, 
and the target importance justifies such ef-
forts, time, and expense; 
(iii) operational circumstances do not 
allow for and do not require spending the 
time and human effort required for stealthy, 
nonattributable, and continuous access to 
targets; 
(iv) capabilities are needed to rapidly pros-
ecute targets that have not been previously 
planned and that can be accessed and ex-
ploited using known, available tools and 
techniques; and 
(v) targets may be prosecuted with the aid 
of automated techniques to achieve speed, 
mass, and scale; and 
(C) develop strategies for appropriate utili-
zation of Cyber Mission Teams in support of 
combatant command objectives as— 
(i) adjuncts to or substitutes for kinetic 
operations; or 
(ii) independent means to achieve novel 
tactical, operational, and strategic objec-
tives. 
(2) BRIEFING REQUIRED.— 
(A) IN
GENERAL.—Not more than 30 days 
after the date on which all of the activities 
required by paragraph (1) have been com-
pleted, the Commander shall provide the 
congressional defense committees a briefing 
on the activities. 
(B) 
ELEMENTS.—The 
briefing 
provided 
under subparagraph (A) shall include the fol-
lowing: 
(i) Recommendations for such legislative 
or administrative action as the Commander 
considers necessary to address capability 
shortcomings. 
(ii) Plans to address capability short-
comings. 
(c) 
COUNTRY-SPECIFIC
ACCESS
STRATE-
GIES.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than one year 
after the date on which all of the activities 
required by subsection (b)(1) have been com-
pleted, the Commander shall complete devel-
opment of country-specific access strategies 
for the Russian Federation, the People’s Re-
public of China, the Democratic People’s Re-
public of Korea, and the Islamic Republic of 
Iran. 
(2) ELEMENTS.—Each country-specific ac-
cess strategy developed under paragraph (1) 
shall include the following: 
(A) Specification of desired and required— 
(i) outcomes; 
(ii) cyber warfighting architecture, to in-
clude— 
(I) tools and redirectors; 
(II) access platforms; and 
(III) data analytics, modeling, and simula-
tion capacity; 
(iii) specific means to achieve and main-
tain persistent access and conduct command 
and control and exfiltration against hard 
targets and in operationally challenging en-
vironments across the continuum of conflict; 
(iv) intelligence, surveillance, and recon-
naissance support; 
(v) operational partnerships with allies; 
(vi) rules of engagement; 
(vii) personnel, training, and equipment; 
and 
(viii) targeting strategies, including those 
that do not demand deliberate targeting and 
precise access to achieve effects; and 
(B) recommendations for such policy or 
resourcing changes as the Commander con-
siders appropriate to address access short-
falls. 
(3) CONSULTATION
REQUIRED.—The Com-
mander shall develop the country-specific 
access strategies under paragraph (1) inde-
pendently but in consultation with the fol-
lowing: 
(A) The Director of the National Security 
Agency. 
(B) The Director of the Central Intel-
ligence Agency. 
(C) The Director of the Defense Advanced 
Research Projects Agency. 
(D) The Director of the Strategic Capabili-
ties Office. 
(E) The Under Secretary of Defense for 
Policy. 
(F) The Principal Cyber Advisor to the 
Secretary of Defense. 
(G) The Commanders of all other Combat-
ant Commands. 
(4) BRIEFING.—Upon completion of the 
country-specific access strategies required 
by paragraph (1), the Commander shall pro-
vide the Deputy Secretary of Defense, the 
Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, 
the Committee on Armed Services of the 
Senate, and the Committee on Armed Serv-
ices of the House of Representatives a brief-
ing on such strategies. 
SEC. 
1611. 
ASSESSING 
CAPABILITIES 
TO 
COUNTER 
ADVERSARY 
USE 
OF 
RANSOMWARE 
TOOLS, 
CAPABILI-
TIES, AND INFRASTRUCTURE. 
(a) COMPREHENSIVE ASSESSMENT AND REC-
OMMENDATIONS
REQUIRED.—Not later than 
March 1, 2022, the Secretary of Defense 
shall— 
(1) conduct a comprehensive assessment of 
the policy, capacity, and capabilities of the 
Department of Defense to diminish and de-
fend the United States from ransomware 
threats, including— 
(A) an assessment of the current and po-
tential threats and risks to national and eco-
nomic security posed by— 
(i) foreign criminal organizations that pro-
vide large-scale and sophisticated cyber at-
tack capabilities and infrastructure used to 
conduct ransomware attacks; and 
(ii) organizations that conduct or could 
conduct ransomware or other attacks that 
use the capabilities and infrastructure de-
scribed in clause (i) on a large scale against 
important assets and systems in the United 
States, including critical infrastructure; 
(B) an assessment of— 
(i) the threat posed by the criminal organi-
zations, capabilities, and infrastructure de-
scribed in subparagraph (A) to the Depart-
ment of Defense Information Network and 
the United States; and 
(ii) the current and potential role of United 
States Cyber Command in addressing the 
threat described in clause (i); 
(C) an identification of the current and po-
tential Department efforts, processes, and 
capabilities to deter and counter the threat 
described in subparagraph (B)(i), including 
through offensive cyber effects operations; 
(D) an assessment of the application of the 
defend forward and persistent engagement 
operational concepts and capabilities of the 
Department to deter and counter the threat 
of ransomware to the United States; 
(E) a description of the efforts of the De-
partment in interagency processes, and joint 
collaboration with allies and partners of the 
United States, to address the growing threat 
of criminal cyber enterprises that conduct 
ransomware attacks and could conduct at-
tacks with other objectives to the United 
States and allies and partners of the United 
States; 
(F) a determination of the extent to which 
the governments of countries where large- 
scale and sophisticated criminal cyber enter-
prises are principally located are tolerating 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00092
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 103-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8635 
November 19, 2021 
the activities of such enterprises, have inter-
actions with such enterprises, could direct 
their operations, and could suppress them; 
(G) an assessment as to whether the crimi-
nal cyber enterprises described in subpara-
graph (F) are perfecting and practicing at-
tack techniques and capabilities at scale 
that can be co-opted and placed in the serv-
ice of the country where they are based; and 
(H) identification of such legislative or ad-
ministrative action as may be necessary to 
more effectively counter the threat of 
ransomware; and 
(2) develop recommendations for the De-
partment to build capabilities to develop and 
execute innovative methods to deter and 
counter ransomware attacks prior and in re-
sponse to the launching of attacks. 
(b) BRIEFING.—Not later than April 1, 2022, 
the Secretary shall brief the congressional 
defense committees on the assessment com-
pleted under paragraph (1) of subsection (a) 
and the recommendations developed under 
paragraph (2) of such subsection. 
SEC. 1612. COMPARATIVE ANALYSIS OF CYBERSE-
CURITY CAPABILITIES. 
(a) COMPARATIVE ANALYSIS REQUIRED.—Not 
later than 180 days after the date of the en-
actment of this Act, the Principal Cyber Ad-
visor to the Secretary of Defense and the Di-
rector of Cost Assessment and Program 
Evaluation (CAPE), in consultation with the 
Chief Information Officers and Principal 
Cyber Advisors of each of the military de-
partments, shall jointly sponsor a compara-
tive analysis, that the Director of the Na-
tional Security Agency and the Director of 
the Defense Information Systems Agency 
shall conduct, of the following: 
(1) The cybersecurity tools, applications, 
and capabilities offered as options on enter-
prise software agreements for cloud-based 
productivity and collaboration suites such as 
that offered under the Defense Enterprise Of-
fice Solution and Enterprise Software Agree-
ment contracts with Department of Defense 
components, relative to those that are cur-
rently deployed in, or required by, the De-
partment to conduct the functions of— 
(A) asset discovery; 
(B) vulnerability scanning; 
(C) conditional access (also known as 
‘‘comply-to-connect’’); 
(D) event correlation; 
(E) patch management and remediation; 
(F) endpoint query and control; 
(G) endpoint detection and response; 
(H) data rights management; 
(I) data loss prevention; 
(J) data tagging; 
(K) data encryption; 
(L) security information and event man-
agement; and 
(M) security orchestration, automation, 
and response. 
(2) The identity, credential, and access 
management (ICAM) system, and associated 
capabilities to enforce the principle of least 
privilege access, offered as an existing option 
on a contract described in paragraph (1), rel-
ative to— 
(A) the requirements of such system de-
scribed in the Zero Trust Reference Archi-
tecture of the Department; and 
(B) the requirements of such system under 
development by the Defense Information 
Systems Agency. 
(3) The artificial intelligence and machine- 
learning capabilities associated with the 
tools, 
applications, 
and 
capabilities 
de-
scribed in paragraphs (1) and (2), and the 
ability to host government or third-party ar-
tificial intelligence and machine-learning al-
gorithms within the contracted environ-
ments described in paragraph (1) for those 
tools, 
applications, 
and 
capabilities 
de-
scribed in paragraphs (1) and (2). 
(4) The network consolidation and seg-
mentation capabilities offered on the con-
tracts described in paragraph (1) relative to 
capabilities projected in the Zero Trust Ref-
erence Architecture. 
(5) The automated orchestration and inter-
operability among all of the tools, applica-
tions, and capabilities described in para-
graphs (1) through (4). 
(b) ELEMENTS OF COMPARATIVE ANALYSIS.— 
The comparative analysis conducted under 
subsection (a) shall include an assessment of 
the following: 
(1) Costs. 
(2) Performance. 
(3) Sustainment. 
(4) Scalability. 
(5) Training requirements. 
(6) Maturity. 
(7) Human effort requirements. 
(8) Speed of integrated operations. 
(9) Ability to operate on multiple oper-
ating systems and in multiple cloud environ-
ments. 
(10) Such other matters as the Principal 
Cyber Advisor to the Secretary of Defense 
and the Director of Cost Assessment and 
Program Evaluation consider appropriate. 
(c) BRIEFING REQUIRED.—Not later than 30 
days after the date on which the analysis re-
quired by subsection (a) is completed, the 
Principal Cyber Advisor and the Director 
shall jointly provide the congressional de-
fense committees with a briefing on the find-
ings of the Principal Cyber Advisor and the 
Director with respect to such analysis, along 
with such recommendations for legislative 
or administrative action as the Principal 
Cyber Advisor and the Director may have 
with respect to the matters covered by the 
analysis. 
SEC. 1613. REPORT ON THE CYBERSECURITY MA-
TURITY 
MODEL 
CERTIFICATION 
PROGRAM. 
(a) REPORT REQUIRED.—Not later than Jan-
uary 15, 2022, the Secretary of Defense shall 
submit to the Committee on Armed Services 
of the Senate and the Committee on Armed 
Services of the House of Representatives a 
report on the plans of the Secretary for the 
Cyber Maturity Model Certification program 
in consideration of the recent internal re-
view of the program and recent efforts of the 
Secretary to improve the cybersecurity of 
the defense industrial base. 
(b) CONTENTS.—The report submitted under 
subsection (a) shall include the following: 
(1) The programmatic changes required in 
Cyber Maturity Model Certification program 
to address recommendations developed pur-
suant to the review described in subsection 
(a). 
(2) The strategy of the Secretary for rule-
making for such program and the process for 
the Cybersecurity Maturity Model Certifi-
cation rule. 
(3) The budget and resources required to 
support such program. 
(4) A plan for communication and coordi-
nation with the defense industrial base re-
garding such program. 
(5) The coordination needed within the De-
partment and between Federal agencies for 
such program. 
(6) The status of efforts to develop the 
framework required by section 1648 of the 
National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-
cal Year 2020 (Public Law 116–92; 10 U.S.C. 
2224 note). 
(7) Plans and explicit public announcement 
of processes for reimbursement of cybersecu-
rity compliance expenses for small and non- 
traditional businesses in the defense indus-
trial base. 
(8) Plans for ensuring that persons seeking 
a Department of Defense contract for the 
first time are not required to expend funds to 
acquire cybersecurity capabilities and a cer-
tification required to perform under a con-
tract as a precondition for bidding on such a 
contract without reimbursement in the 
event that such persons do not receive a con-
tract award. 
(9) Clarification of roles and responsibil-
ities of prime contractors for assisting and 
managing cybersecurity performance of sub-
contractors. 
(10) Such additional matters as the Sec-
retary considers appropriate. 
SEC. 1614. REPORT ON POTENTIAL DEPARTMENT 
OF DEFENSE SUPPORT AND ASSIST-
ANCE FOR INCREASING THE AWARE-
NESS OF THE CYBERSECURITY AND 
INFRASTRUCTURE SECURITY AGEN-
CY 
OF 
CYBER 
THREATS 
AND 
VULNERABILITIES AFFECTING CRIT-
ICAL INFRASTRUCTURE. 
(a) REPORT REQUIRED.—Not later than 270 
days after the date of the enactment of this 
Act, the Secretary of Defense, in consulta-
tion with the Secretary of Homeland Secu-
rity and the National Cyber Director, shall 
submit to the Committee on Armed Services 
of the Senate and the Committee on Armed 
Services of the House of Representatives a 
report that provides recommendations on 
how the Department of Defense can improve 
support and assistance to the Cybersecurity 
and Infrastructure Security Agency to in-
crease 
awareness 
of 
threats 
and 
vulnerabilities affecting domestic networks 
that are critical infrastructure, including in-
frastructure that is critical to the Depart-
ment and infrastructure that is critical to 
the defense of the United States. 
(b) ELEMENTS OF REPORT.—The report re-
quired by subsection (a) shall— 
(1) assess and identify areas in which the 
Department of Defense could provide support 
or assistance to the Cybersecurity and Infra-
structure Security Agency in expanding or 
increasing the technical understanding and 
awareness of threats and vulnerabilities af-
fecting 
critical 
infrastructure, 
including 
through information sharing and voluntary 
network monitoring programs; 
(2) identify and assess any legal, policy, or-
ganizational, or technical barriers to ena-
bling support provided by the Department to 
the Agency for improved situational aware-
ness of cyber threats to critical infrastruc-
ture, including increased information shar-
ing; 
(3) assess and describe any legal or policy 
changes necessary to enable the Department 
to provide support or assistance to the Agen-
cy for improved situational awareness of 
cyber threats to critical infrastructure while 
preserving privacy and civil liberties; 
(4) assess and describe the budgetary and 
other resource effects on the Department of 
providing support or assistance to the Agen-
cy for improved situational awareness of 
cyber threats to critical infrastructure; and 
(5) provide a notional time-phased plan, in-
cluding milestones, to enable the Depart-
ment to provide support or assistance to the 
Agency to increase awareness of threats and 
vulnerabilities affecting domestic critical in-
frastructure networks. 
(c) CRITICAL INFRASTRUCTURE DEFINED.—In 
this section, the term ‘‘critical infrastruc-
ture’’ has the meaning given such term in 
subsection (e) of the Critical Infrastructures 
Protection Act of 2001 (42 U.S.C. 5195c(e)). 
SEC. 1615. DEADLINE FOR REPORTS ON ASSESS-
MENT OF CYBER RESILIENCY OF NU-
CLEAR COMMAND AND CONTROL 
SYSTEM. 
Section 499(c) of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), in the matter before 
subparagraph (A)— 
(A) by striking ‘‘The Commanders’’ and in-
serting ‘‘For each assessment conducted 
under subsection (a), the Commanders’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00093
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 104-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8636 
November 19, 2021 
(B) by striking ‘‘the assessment required 
by subsection (a)’’ and inserting ‘‘the assess-
ment’’; 
(2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘the re-
port’’ and inserting ‘‘each report’’; 
(3) in paragraph (3)— 
(A) by striking ‘‘The Secretary’’ and in-
serting ‘‘Not later than 90 days after the date 
of the submittal of a report under paragraph 
(1), the Secretary’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘required by paragraph 
(1)’’; and 
(4) in the subsection heading by striking 
‘‘REPORT’’ and inserting ‘‘REPORTS’’. 
DIVISION B—MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
AUTHORIZATIONS 
SEC. 2001. SHORT TITLE. 
This division may be cited as the ‘‘Military 
Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal 
Year 2022’’. 
SEC. 2002. EXPIRATION OF AUTHORIZATIONS AND 
AMOUNTS REQUIRED TO BE SPECI-
FIED BY LAW. 
(a) EXPIRATION OF AUTHORIZATIONS AFTER 
THREE YEARS.—Except as provided in sub-
section (b), all authorizations contained in 
titles XXI through XXVII for military con-
struction projects, land acquisition, family 
housing projects and facilities, and contribu-
tions to the North Atlantic Treaty Organiza-
tion Security Investment Program (and au-
thorizations of appropriations therefor) shall 
expire on the later of— 
(1) October 1, 2024; or 
(2) the date of the enactment of an Act au-
thorizing funds for military construction for 
fiscal year 2025. 
(b) EXCEPTION.—Subsection (a) shall not 
apply to authorizations for military con-
struction projects, land acquisition, family 
housing projects and facilities, and contribu-
tions to the North Atlantic Treaty Organiza-
tion Security Investment Program (and au-
thorizations of appropriations therefor), for 
which appropriated funds have been obli-
gated before the later of— 
(1) October 1, 2024; or 
(2) the date of the enactment of an Act au-
thorizing funds for fiscal year 2025 for mili-
tary construction projects, land acquisition, 
family housing projects and facilities, or 
contributions to the North Atlantic Treaty 
Organization Security Investment Program. 
SEC. 2003. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
Titles XXI through XXVII shall take effect 
on the later of— 
(1) October 1, 2021; or 
(2) the date of the enactment of this Act. 
TITLE XXI—ARMY MILITARY 
CONSTRUCTION 
SEC. 2101. AUTHORIZED ARMY CONSTRUCTION 
AND LAND ACQUISITION PROJECTS. 
(a) INSIDE
THE
UNITED
STATES.—Using 
amounts appropriated pursuant to the au-
thorization of appropriations in section 
2103(a) and available for military construc-
tion projects inside the United States as 
specified in the funding table in section 4601, 
the Secretary of the Army may acquire real 
property and carry out military construction 
projects for the installations or locations in-
side the United States, and in the amounts, 
set forth in the following table: 
Army: Inside the United States 
State 
Installation 
Amount 
Alabama .............................................
Fort Rucker ................................................................................................................
$66,000,000 
Redstone Arsenal ........................................................................................................
$55,000,000 
California ............................................
Fort Irwin ...................................................................................................................
$52,000,000 
Georgia ...............................................
Fort Stewart ...............................................................................................................
$100,000,000 
Hawaii ................................................
West Loch Naval Magazine Annex ..............................................................................
$51,000,000 
Wheeler Army Airfield ................................................................................................
$140,000,000 
Kansas ................................................
Fort Leavenworth .......................................................................................................
$34,000,000 
Kentucky ............................................
Fort Knox ...................................................................................................................
$27,000,000 
Louisiana ............................................
Camp Minden ..............................................................................................................
$13,800,000 
Fort Polk ....................................................................................................................
$111,000,000 
Maryland ............................................
Fort Meade .................................................................................................................
$81,000,000 
New York ............................................
Fort Hamilton ............................................................................................................
$26,000,000 
Watervliet Arsenal ......................................................................................................
$20,000,000 
Pennsylvania ......................................
Letterkenny Army Depot ...........................................................................................
$21,000,000 
Texas ..................................................
Fort Bliss ....................................................................................................................
$20,000,000 
Fort Hood ....................................................................................................................
$130,000,000 
(b) OUTSIDE
THE
UNITED
STATES.—Using 
amounts appropriated pursuant to the au-
thorization of appropriations in section 
2103(a) and available for military construc-
tion projects outside the United States as 
specified in the funding table in section 4601, 
the Secretary of the Army may acquire real 
property and carry out military construction 
projects for the installations or locations 
outside the United States, and in the 
amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Army: Outside the United States 
Country 
Installation or Location 
Amount 
Belgium ..............................................
SHAPE Headquarters ..................................................................................................
$16,000,000 
Germany .............................................
East Camp Grafenwoehr .............................................................................................
$103,000,000 
Smith Barracks ..........................................................................................................
$33,500,000 
Worldwide Classified ...........................
Classified Location .....................................................................................................
$31,000,000 
SEC. 2102. FAMILY HOUSING. 
(a) CONSTRUCTION AND ACQUISITION.—Using 
amounts appropriated pursuant to the au-
thorization of appropriations in section 
2103(a) and available for military family 
housing functions as specified in the funding 
table in section 4601, the Secretary of the 
Army may construct or acquire family hous-
ing units (including land acquisition and 
supporting facilities) at the installation or 
location, in the number of units, and in the 
amounts set forth in the following table: 
Army: Family Housing 
Country 
Installation or Location 
Units 
Amount 
Italy ...................................
Vicenza ..............................................................................
Family Housing New Construc-
tion ...........................................
$92,304,000 
(b) PLANNING AND DESIGN.—Using amounts 
appropriated pursuant to the authorization 
of appropriations in section 2103(a) and avail-
able for military family housing functions as 
specified in the funding table in section 4601, 
the Secretary of the Army may carry out ar-
chitectural and engineering services and 
construction design activities with respect 
to the construction or improvement of fam-
ily housing units in an amount not to exceed 
$7,545,000. 
SEC. 2103. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS, 
ARMY. 
(a) AUTHORIZATION
OF
APPROPRIATIONS.— 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated for fiscal years beginning after Sep-
tember 30, 2021, for military construction, 
land acquisition, and military family hous-
ing functions of the Department of the Army 
as specified in the funding table in section 
4601. 
(b) LIMITATION
ON
TOTAL
COST
OF
CON-
STRUCTION
PROJECTS.—Notwithstanding the 
cost variations authorized by section 2853 of 
title 10, United States Code, and any other 
cost variation authorized by law, the total 
cost of all projects carried out under section 
2101 of this Act may not exceed the total 
amount authorized to be appropriated under 
subsection (a), as specified in the funding 
table in section 4601. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00094
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE
I 
I 

 -Page 105-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8637 
November 19, 2021 
SEC. 2104. EXTENSION OF AUTHORIZATION OF 
FISCAL 
YEAR 
2017 
PROJECT 
AT 
WIESBADEN ARMY AIRFIELD. 
(a) EXTENSION.—Notwithstanding section 
2002 of the National Defense Authorization 
Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 
130 Stat. 2688), the authorization set forth in 
the table in subsection (b), as provided in 
section 2101(b) of that Act (130 Stat. 2689), 
shall remain in effect until October 1, 2023, 
or the date of the enactment of an Act au-
thorizing funds for military construction for 
fiscal year 2024, whichever is later. 
(b) TABLE.—The table referred to in sub-
section (a) is as follows: 
Army: Extension of 2017 Project Authorization 
Country 
Installation or Location 
Project 
Original Au-
thorized 
Amount 
Germany ...............................
Wiesbaden Army Airfield ..................................
Hazardous Material Storage Building .....
$2,700,000 
SEC. 2105. ADDITIONAL AUTHORITY TO CARRY 
OUT FISCAL YEAR 2018 PROJECT AT 
FORT BLISS, TEXAS. 
(a) 
PROJECT
AUTHORIZATION.—The 
Sec-
retary of the Army may carry out a military 
construction project to construct a defense 
access road at Fort Bliss, Texas, in the 
amount of $20,000,000. 
(b) USE OF AMOUNTS.—The Secretary may 
use funds appropriated under section 131 of 
the Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, 
and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 
2018 (title I of division J of Public Law 115– 
141; 132 Stat. 805) for the Defense Access 
Road Program to carry out subsection (a). 
SEC. 2106. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO 
CARRY 
OUT 
FISCAL 
YEAR 
2021 
PROJECT AT FORT WAINWRIGHT, 
ALASKA. 
(a) MODIFICATION OF PROJECT AUTHORITY.— 
In the case of the authorization contained in 
the table in section 2101(a) of the William M. 
(Mac) Thornberry National Defense Author-
ization Act for Fiscal Year 2021 (Public Law 
116–283) for Fort Wainwright, Alaska, for 
construction of unaccompanied enlisted per-
sonnel housing, as specified in the funding 
table in section 4601 of such Act, the Sec-
retary of the Army may construct an unac-
companied enlisted personnel housing build-
ing of 104,300 square feet to incorporate a 
modified standard design, and also may con-
struct 
an 
outdoor 
recreational 
shelter, 
sports fields and courts, barbecue and leisure 
area, and fitness stations associated with the 
unaccompanied enlisted personnel housing. 
(b) MODIFICATION OF PROJECT AMOUNTS.— 
(1) DIVISION
B
TABLE.—The authorization 
table in section 2101(a) of the William M. 
(Mac) Thornberry National Defense Author-
ization Act for Fiscal Year 2021 (Public Law 
116–283) is amended, in the item relating to 
Fort 
Wainwright, 
Alaska, 
by 
striking 
‘‘$114,000,000’’ in the Amount column and in-
serting ‘‘$146,000,000’’ to reflect the project 
modification made by subsection (a). 
(2) DIVISION D TABLE.—The funding table in 
section 4601 of the William M. (Mac) Thorn-
berry National Defense Authorization Act 
for Fiscal Year 2021 (Public Law 116–283) is 
amended, in the item relating to Fort Wain-
wright, Alaska, Unaccompanied Enlisted 
Personnel Housing, by striking ‘‘$59,000’’ in 
the Conference Authorized column and in-
serting ‘‘$91,000’’ to reflect the project modi-
fication made by subsection (a). 
SEC. 2107. ADDITIONAL AUTHORITY TO CARRY 
OUT FISCAL YEAR 2022 PROJECT AT 
ABERDEEN 
PROVING 
GROUND, 
MARYLAND. 
(a) 
PROJECT
AUTHORIZATION.—The 
Sec-
retary of the Army may carry out a military 
construction project to construct a 6,000 
square foot recycling center to meet the re-
quirements of a qualified recycling program 
at Aberdeen Proving Ground, Maryland, in 
the amount of $3,600,000. 
(b) USE
OF LEASE PAYMENT FUNDS.—The 
Secretary may use funds generated pursuant 
to section 2667 of title 10, United States 
Code, in addition to funds appropriated for 
unspecified minor military construction, for 
the project specified in subsection (a). 
TITLE XXII—NAVY MILITARY 
CONSTRUCTION 
SEC. 2201. AUTHORIZED NAVY CONSTRUCTION 
AND LAND ACQUISITION PROJECTS. 
(a) INSIDE
THE
UNITED
STATES.—Using 
amounts appropriated pursuant to the au-
thorization of appropriations in section 
2204(a) and available for military construc-
tion projects inside the United States as 
specified in the funding table in section 4601, 
the Secretary of the Navy may acquire real 
property and carry out military construction 
projects for the installations or locations in-
side the United States, and in the amounts, 
set forth in the following table: 
Navy: Inside the United States 
State 
Installation or Location 
Amount 
Arizona ...............................................
Marine Corps Air Station Yuma .................................................................................
$128,900,000 
California ............................................
Marine Corps Air Ground Combat Center ...................................................................
$45,000,000 
Marine Corps Air Station Miramar ............................................................................
$240,900,000 
Marine Corps Base Camp Pendleton ...........................................................................
$191,300,000 
Naval Base Ventura County .......................................................................................
$197,500,000 
Naval Base Coronado ..................................................................................................
$63,600,000 
Marine Corps Reserve Depot San Diego ......................................................................
$93,700,000 
San Nicolas Island ......................................................................................................
$19,907,000 
Florida ................................................
Marine Corps Support Facility Blount Island ............................................................
$69,400,000 
Hawaii .................................................
Marine Corps Base Kaneohe Bay ................................................................................
$165,700,000 
Maine ..................................................
Portsmouth Naval Shipyard .......................................................................................
$225,000,000 
North Carolina ....................................
Marine Corps Air Station Cherry Point ......................................................................
$340,117,000 
Marine Corps Base Camp Lejeune ...............................................................................
$64,200,000 
South Carolina ...................................
Marine Corps Air Station Beaufort ............................................................................
$127,600,000 
Virginia ..............................................
Naval Station Norfolk ................................................................................................
$344,793,000 
Naval Station Yorktown .............................................................................................
$93,500,000 
Portsmouth Naval Shipyard .......................................................................................
$156,380,000 
Marine Corps Base Quantico .......................................................................................
$42,850,000 
(b) OUTSIDE
THE
UNITED
STATES.—Using 
amounts appropriated pursuant to the au-
thorization of appropriations in section 
2204(a) and available for military construc-
tion projects outside the United States as 
specified in the funding table in section 4601, 
the Secretary of the Navy may acquire real 
property and carry out military construction 
projects for the installations or locations 
outside the United States, and in the 
amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Navy: Outside the United States 
Country 
Installation or Location 
Amount 
El Salvador .............................................
Cooperative Security Location Comalapa ...............................................................
$28,000,000 
Guam .......................................................
Andersen Air Force Base .........................................................................................
$50,890,000 
Joint Region Marianas ............................................................................................
$507,527,000 
Japan .......................................................
Fleet Activities Yokosuka .......................................................................................
$49,900,000 
Spain .......................................................
Naval Station Rota ..................................................................................................
$85,600,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00095
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 106-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8638 
November 19, 2021 
SEC. 2202. FAMILY HOUSING. 
Using amounts appropriated pursuant to 
the authorization of appropriations in sec-
tion 2204(a) and available for military family 
housing functions as specified in the funding 
table in section 4601, the Secretary of the 
Navy may carry out architectural and engi-
neering services and construction design ac-
tivities with respect to the construction or 
improvement of family housing units in an 
amount not to exceed $5,732,000. 
SEC. 2203. IMPROVEMENTS TO MILITARY FAMILY 
HOUSING UNITS. 
Subject to section 2825 of title 10, United 
States Code, and using amounts appropriated 
pursuant to the authorization of appropria-
tions in section 2204(a) and available for 
military family housing functions as speci-
fied in the funding table in section 4601, the 
Secretary of the Navy may improve existing 
military family housing units in an amount 
not to exceed $71,884,000. 
SEC. 2204. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS, 
NAVY. 
(a) AUTHORIZATION
OF
APPROPRIATIONS.— 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated for fiscal years beginning after Sep-
tember 30, 2021, for military construction, 
land acquisition, and military family hous-
ing functions of the Department of the Navy, 
as specified in the funding table in section 
4601. 
(b) LIMITATION
ON
TOTAL
COST
OF
CON-
STRUCTION
PROJECTS.—Notwithstanding the 
cost variations authorized by section 2853 of 
title 10, United States Code, and any other 
cost variation authorized by law, the total 
cost of all projects carried out under section 
2201 of this Act may not exceed the total 
amount authorized to be appropriated under 
subsection (a), as specified in the funding 
table in section 4601. 
TITLE XXIII—AIR FORCE MILITARY 
CONSTRUCTION 
SEC. 2301. AUTHORIZED AIR FORCE CONSTRUC-
TION 
AND 
LAND 
ACQUISITION 
PROJECTS. 
(a) INSIDE
THE
UNITED
STATES.—Using 
amounts appropriated pursuant to the au-
thorization of appropriations in section 
2304(a) and available for military construc-
tion projects inside the United States as 
specified in the funding table in section 4601, 
the Secretary of the Air Force may acquire 
real property and carry out military con-
struction projects for the installations or lo-
cations inside the United States, and in the 
amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Air Force: Inside the United States 
State 
Installation or Location 
Amount 
Alaska .........................................................................
Eielson Air Force Base ...................................................................
$44,850,000 
Joint Base Elmendorf-Richardson ..................................................
$251,000,000 
Arizona ........................................................................
Davis-Monthan Air Force Base .......................................................
$13,400,000 
Luke Air Force Base .......................................................................
$49,000,000 
California .....................................................................
Vandenberg Space Force Base ........................................................
$67,000,000 
Colorado ......................................................................
Schriever Space Force Base ............................................................
$30,000,000 
District of Columbia ....................................................
Joint Base Anacostia Bolling .........................................................
$24,000,000 
Florida .........................................................................
Eglin Air Force Base .......................................................................
$14,000,000 
Georgia ........................................................................
Moody Air Force Base .....................................................................
$12,500,000 
Louisiana .....................................................................
Barksdale Air Force Base ...............................................................
$272,000,000 
Maryland .....................................................................
Joint Base Andrews ........................................................................
$26,000,000 
Massachusetts .............................................................
Hanscom Air Force Base .................................................................
$66,000,000 
Ohio .............................................................................
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base ...................................................
$24,000,000 
Oklahoma ....................................................................
Tinker Air Force Base ....................................................................
$160,000,000 
South Carolina ............................................................
Joint Base Charleston .....................................................................
$59,000,000 
South Dakota ..............................................................
Ellsworth Air Force Base ................................................................
$242,000,000 
Tennessee ....................................................................
Arnold Air Force Base ....................................................................
$14,600,000 
Texas ...........................................................................
Joint Base San Antonio ..................................................................
$141,000,000 
Joint Base San Antonio–Lackland ..................................................
$29,000,000 
Join Base San Antonio–Fort Sam Houston ....................................
$29,000,000 
Sheppard Air Force Base ................................................................
$20,000,000 
Virginia .......................................................................
Joint Base Langley Eustis ..............................................................
$24,000,000 
(b) OUTSIDE
THE
UNITED
STATES.—Using 
amounts appropriated pursuant to the au-
thorization of appropriations in section 
2304(a) and available for military construc-
tion projects outside the United States as 
specified in the funding table in section 4601, 
the Secretary of the Air Force may acquire 
real property and carry out military con-
struction projects for the installations or lo-
cations outside the United States, and in the 
amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Air Force: Outside the United States 
Country 
Installation or Location 
Amount 
Australia .....................................................................
Royal Australian Air Force Base Darwin .......................................
$7,400,000 
Royal Australian Air Force Base Tindal ........................................
$14,400,000 
Guam ...........................................................................
Joint Region Marianas ...................................................................
$85,000,000 
Italy .............................................................................
Aviano Air Force Base ....................................................................
$10,200,000 
Japan ...........................................................................
Kadena Air Base .............................................................................
$206,000,000 
Misawa Air Base .............................................................................
$25,000,000 
Yokota Air Base ..............................................................................
$39,000,000 
United Kingdom ...........................................................
Royal Air Force Lakenheath ..........................................................
$104,000,000 
SEC. 2302. FAMILY HOUSING. 
Using amounts appropriated pursuant to 
the authorization of appropriations in sec-
tion 2304(a) and available for military family 
housing functions as specified in the funding 
table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Air 
Force may carry out architectural and engi-
neering services and construction design ac-
tivities with respect to the construction or 
improvement of family housing units in an 
amount not to exceed $10,458,000. 
SEC. 2303. IMPROVEMENTS TO MILITARY FAMILY 
HOUSING UNITS. 
Subject to section 2825 of title 10, United 
States Code, and using amounts appropriated 
pursuant to the authorization of appropria-
tions in section 2304(a) and available for 
military family housing functions as speci-
fied in the funding table in section 4601, the 
Secretary of the Air Force may improve ex-
isting military family housing units in an 
amount not to exceed $105,258,000. 
SEC. 2304. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS, 
AIR FORCE. 
(a) AUTHORIZATION
OF
APPROPRIATIONS.— 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated for fiscal years beginning after Sep-
tember 30, 2021, for military construction, 
land acquisition, and military family hous-
ing functions of the Department of the Air 
Force, as specified in the funding table in 
section 4601. 
(b) LIMITATION
ON
TOTAL
COST
OF
CON-
STRUCTION
PROJECTS.—Notwithstanding the 
cost variations authorized by section 2853 of 
title 10, United States Code, and any other 
cost variation authorized by law, the total 
cost of all projects carried out under section 
2301 of this Act may not exceed the total 
amount authorized to be appropriated under 
subsection (a), as specified in the funding 
table in section 4601. 
SEC. 2305. EXTENSION OF AUTHORIZATIONS OF 
CERTAIN 
FISCAL 
YEAR 
2017 
PROJECTS. 
(a) EXTENSION.—Notwithstanding section 
2002 of the Military Construction Authoriza-
tion Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (division B of 
Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2688), the au-
thorizations set forth in the table in sub-
section (b), as provided in section 2301 of that 
Act (130 Stat. 2696), shall remain in effect 
until October 1, 2023, or the date of the en-
actment of an Act authorizing funds for mili-
tary construction for fiscal year 2024, which-
ever is later. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00096
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 107-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8639 
November 19, 2021 
(b) TABLE.—The table referred to in sub-
section (a) is as follows: 
Air Force: Extension of 2017 Project Authorizations 
Country 
Installation or Location 
Project 
Original Au-
thorized 
Amount 
Germany ...............................
Ramstein Air Base ............................................
37 
AS 
Squadron 
Operations/Aircraft 
Maintenance Unit ................................
$13,437,000 
Guam .....................................
Joint Region Marianas .....................................
APR–Munitions Storage Igloos, Ph 2 ......
$35,300,000 
Joint Region Marianas .....................................
APR–SATCOM C4I Facility .....................
$14,200,000 
Japan ....................................
Kadena Air Base ...............................................
APR–Replace Munitions Structures ........
$19,815,000 
Yokota Air Base ...............................................
C–130J Corrosion Control Hangar ............
$23,777,000 
Yokota Air Base ...............................................
Construct Combat Arms Training and 
Maintenance Facility ...........................
$8,243,000 
United Kingdom ....................
Royal Air Force Croughton ..............................
Main Gate Complex .................................
$16,500,000 
SEC. 2306. EXTENSION OF AUTHORIZATIONS OF 
FISCAL YEAR 2017 PROJECTS AT 
SPANGDAHLEM AIR BASE, GERMANY. 
(a) EXTENSION.—Notwithstanding section 
2002 of the Military Construction Authoriza-
tion Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (division B of 
Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2688), the au-
thorizations set forth in the table in sub-
section (b), as provided in section 2902 of that 
Act (130 Stat. 2743), shall remain in effect 
until October 1, 2023, or the date of the en-
actment of an Act authorizing funds for mili-
tary construction for fiscal year 2024, which-
ever is later. 
(b) TABLE.—The table referred to in sub-
section (a) is as follows: 
Air Force: Extension of 2017 Project Authorizations 
Country 
Installation or Location 
Project 
Original Au-
thorized 
Amount 
Germany ...............................
Spangdahlem Air Base ......................................
F/A–22 Low Observable/Composite Repair 
Fac .......................................................
$12,000,000 
Spangdahlem Air Base ......................................
Upgrade Hardened Aircraft Shelters for 
F/A–22 ...................................................
$2,700,000 
SEC. 2307. EXTENSION OF AUTHORIZATION OF 
FISCAL 
YEAR 
2017 
PROJECT 
AT 
HANSCOM AIR FORCE BASE, MASSA-
CHUSETTS. 
(a) EXTENSION.—Notwithstanding section 
2002 of the Military Construction Authoriza-
tion Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (division B of 
Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2688), the au-
thorization set forth in the table in sub-
section (b), as provided in section 2301 of that 
Act (130 Stat. 2696), shall remain in effect 
until October 1, 2022, or the date of the en-
actment of an Act authorizing funds for mili-
tary construction for fiscal year 2023, which-
ever is later. 
(b) TABLE.—The table referred to in sub-
section (a) is as follows: 
Air Force: Extension of 2017 Project Authorization 
Country 
Installation or Location 
Project 
Original Au-
thorized 
Amount 
Massachusetts .......................
Hanscom Air Force Base ..................................
Construct Vandenberg Gate Complex .....
$10,965,000 
SEC. 2308. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO 
CARRY 
OUT 
FISCAL 
YEAR 
2018 
PROJECT AT TYNDALL AIR FORCE 
BASE, FLORIDA. 
In the case of the authorization contained 
in section 2301(a) of the Military Construc-
tion Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 
(Division B of Public Law 115–91; 131 Stat. 
1825) for Tyndall Air Force Base, Florida, for 
construction of a fire station, as specified in 
the funding table in section 4601 of that Act 
(131 Stat. 2002), the Secretary of the Air 
Force may construct up to 3,588 square me-
ters of crash rescue or structural fire sta-
tion. 
SEC. 2309. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO 
CARRY 
OUT 
FISCAL 
YEAR 
2020 
PROJECTS AT TYNDALL AIR FORCE 
BASE, FLORIDA. 
In the case of the authorization contained 
in section 2912(a) of the Military Construc-
tion Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2020 
(Division B of Public Law 116–92; 133 Stat. 
1913) for Tyndall Air Force Base, Florida— 
(1) for construction of Site Development, 
Utilities, and Demo Phase 1, as specified in 
the Natural Disaster Recovery Justification 
Book dated August 2019, the Secretary of the 
Air Force may construct— 
(A) up to 3,698 lineal meters of waste water; 
(B) up to 6,306 lineal meters of storm 
water; and 
(C) two emergency power backup genera-
tors; 
(2) for construction of Munitions Storage 
Facilities, as specified in the Natural Dis-
aster Recovery Justification Book dated Au-
gust 2019, the Secretary of the Air Force may 
construct— 
(A) up to 4,393 square meters of aircraft 
support equipment storage yard; 
(B) up to 1,535 square meters of tactical 
missile maintenance facility; and 
(C) up to 560 square meters of missile war-
head assembly and maintenance shop and 
storage; 
(3) for construction of 325th Fighting Wing 
HQ Facility, as specified in the funding table 
in section 4603 of that Act (133 Stat. 2103), 
the Secretary of the Air Force may con-
struct up to 769 square meters of separate ad-
ministrative space for sexual assault preven-
tion and response and sexual response coor-
dinators; 
(4) for construction of Deployment Center/ 
Flight Line Dining/AAFES, as specified in 
such funding table, the Secretary of the Air 
Force may construct up to 144 square meters 
of Army and Air Force Exchange Service 
shoppette; 
(5) for construction of Flightline—Muns 
Storage, 7000 Area, as specified in such fund-
ing table, the Secretary of the Air Force 
may construct— 
(A) up to 1,861 square meters of above 
ground magazines; and 
(B) up to 530 square meters of air support 
equipment shop or storage facility pad; 
(6) for construction of Site Development, 
Utilities, and Demo Phase 2, as specified in 
such funding table, the Secretary of the Air 
Force may construct— 
(A) up to 5,233 lineal meters of storm 
water; 
(B) up to 48,560 square meters of roads; 
(C) up to 3,612 lineal meters of gas pipeline; 
and 
(D) up to 993 square meters of water fire 
pumping station with an emergency backup 
generator; 
(7) for construction of Tyndall AFB Gate 
Complexes, as specified in such funding 
table, the Secretary of the Air Force may 
construct— 
(A) up to 52,694 square meters of roadway 
with serpentines; and 
(B) up to 20 active or passive barriers; 
(8) for construction of Airfield Drainage, as 
specified in such funding table, the Sec-
retary of the Air Force may construct— 
(A) up to 18,931 meters of storm drain pip-
ing; 
(B) up to 19,131 meters of box culvert; 
(C) up to 3,704 meters of concrete block 
swale; 
(D) up to 555 storm drain structures; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00097
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 108-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8640 
November 19, 2021 
(E) up to 81,500 square meters of storm 
drain ponds; 
(9) for construction of 53 WEG Complex, as 
specified in the Natural Disaster Recovery 
Justification Book dated August 2019, the 
Secretary of the Air Force may construct— 
(A) up to 1,693 square meters of aircraft 
maintenance shop; 
(B) up to 1,458 square meters of fuel sys-
tems maintenance dock; and 
(C) up to 3,471 square meters of group head-
quarters; 
(10) for construction of 53 WEG Subscale 
Drone Facility, as specified in the Natural 
Disaster Recovery Justification Book dated 
August 2019, the Secretary of the Air Force 
may construct up to 511 square meters of pi-
lotless aircraft shop in a separate facility; 
(11) for construction of CE/Contracting/ 
USACE Complex, as specified in the Natural 
Disaster Recovery Justification Book dated 
August 2019, the Secretary of the Air Force 
may construct— 
(A) up to 557 square meters of base engi-
neer storage shed 6000 area; and 
(B) up to 183 square meters of non-Air 
Force administrative office; 
(12) for construction of Logistics Readiness 
Squadron Complex, as specified in the Nat-
ural Disaster Recovery Justification Book 
dated August 2019, the Secretary of the Air 
Force may construct— 
(A) up to 802 square meters of supply ad-
ministrative headquarters; 
(B) up to 528 square meters of vehicle wash 
rack; and 
(C) up to 528 square meters of vehicle serv-
ice rack; 
(13) for construction of Fire Station Silver 
Flag #4, as specified in the Natural Disaster 
Recovery Justification Book dated August 
2019, the Secretary of the Air Force may con-
struct up to 651 square meters of fire station; 
and 
(14) for construction of AFCEC RDT&E, as 
specified in the Natural Disaster Recovery 
Justification Book dated August 2019, the 
Secretary of the Air Force may construct 545 
square meters of CE Mat Test Runway Sup-
port Building, 1,593 square meters of Robot-
ics Range Control Support Building, and 953 
square meters of fire garage. 
TITLE XXIV—DEFENSE AGENCIES 
MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
SEC. 2401. AUTHORIZED DEFENSE AGENCIES 
CONSTRUCTION AND LAND ACQUISI-
TION PROJECTS. 
(a) INSIDE
THE
UNITED
STATES.—Using 
amounts appropriated pursuant to the au-
thorization of appropriations in section 
2403(a) and available for military construc-
tion projects inside the United States as 
specified in the funding table in section 4601, 
the Secretary of Defense may acquire real 
property and carry out military construction 
projects for the installations or locations in-
side the United States, and in the amounts, 
set forth in the following table: 
Defense Agencies: Inside the United States 
State 
Installation or Location 
Amount 
Alabama .............................................
Redstone Arsenal ....................................................................................................
$153,000,000 
California ...........................................
Camp Pendleton .....................................................................................................
$13,600,000 
Silver Strand Training Complex ............................................................................
$33,700,000 
Colorado .............................................
Buckley Air Force Base ..........................................................................................
$20,000,000 
Georgia ...............................................
Fort Benning ..........................................................................................................
$62,000,000 
Hawaii ................................................
Joint Base Pearl Harbor-Hickam ...........................................................................
$29,800,000 
Maryland ...........................................
Fort Meade .............................................................................................................
$1,201,000,000 
New Mexico ........................................
Kirtland Air Force Base .........................................................................................
$8,600,000 
Virginia ..............................................
Fort Belvoir ............................................................................................................
$29,800,000 
Humphries Engineer Center and Support Activity ................................................
$36,000,000 
Pentagon ................................................................................................................
$50,543,000 
Washington .........................................
Oak Harbor .............................................................................................................
$59,000,000 
(b) OUTSIDE
THE
UNITED
STATES.—Using 
amounts appropriated pursuant to the au-
thorization of appropriations in section 
2403(a) and available for military construc-
tion projects outside the United States as 
specified in the funding table in section 4601, 
the Secretary of Defense may acquire real 
property and carry out military construction 
projects for the installations or locations 
outside the United States, and in the 
amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Defense Agencies: Outside the United States 
Country 
Installation or Location 
Amount 
Germany ........................................
Ramstein Air Base ........................................................................................................
$93,000,000 
Japan .............................................
Kadena Air Base ............................................................................................................
$24,000,000 
Misawa Air Base ...........................................................................................................
$6,000,000 
United Kingdom ............................
Royal Air Force Lakenheath ........................................................................................
$19,283,000 
SEC. 2402. AUTHORIZED ENERGY RESILIENCE 
AND CONSERVATION INVESTMENT 
PROGRAM PROJECTS. 
(a) INSIDE
THE
UNITED
STATES.—Using 
amounts appropriated pursuant to the au-
thorization of appropriations in section 
2403(a) and available for energy conservation 
projects as specified in the funding table in 
section 4601, the Secretary of Defense may 
carry out energy conservation projects under 
chapter 173 of title 10, United States Code, 
for the installations or locations inside the 
United States, and in the amounts, set forth 
in the following table: 
ERCIP Projects: Inside the United States 
State 
Installation or Location 
Amount 
Alabama ........................................
Fort Rucker ..................................................................................................................
$24,000,000 
California ......................................
Marine Corps Air Station Miramar ..............................................................................
$4,054,000 
Naval Air Weapons Station China Lake/Ridgecrest .....................................................
$9,120,000 
District of Columbia ......................
Joint Base Anacostia Bolling .......................................................................................
$31,261,000 
Florida ..........................................
MacDill Air Force Base .................................................................................................
$22,000,000 
Georgia ..........................................
Fort Benning .................................................................................................................
$17,593,000 
Fort Stewart .................................................................................................................
$22,000,000 
Naval Submarine Base Kings Bay .................................................................................
$19,314,000 
Idaho ..............................................
Mountain Home Air Force Base ....................................................................................
$33,800,000 
Michigan ........................................
Camp Grayling ..............................................................................................................
$5,700,000 
Mississippi .....................................
Camp Shelby .................................................................................................................
$45,655,000 
New York .......................................
Fort Drum .....................................................................................................................
$25,300,000 
North Carolina ...............................
Fort Bragg ....................................................................................................................
$27,169,000 
Ohio ...............................................
Springfield-Beckley Municipal Airport ........................................................................
$4,700,000 
North Dakota ................................
Cavalier Air Force Station ...........................................................................................
$24,150,000 
Puerto Rico ...................................
Aguadilla ......................................................................................................................
$10,120,000 
Fort Allen .....................................................................................................................
$12,190,000 
Tennessee ......................................
Memphis International Airport ....................................................................................
$4,780,000 
Virginia .........................................
Fort Belvoir, NGA Campus East ...................................................................................
$365,000 
National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency Campus East ...............................................
$5,299,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00098
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 109-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8641 
November 19, 2021 
ERCIP Projects: Inside the United States—Continued 
State 
Installation or Location 
Amount 
Pentagon, Mark Center, and Raven Rock Mountain Complex ......................................
$2,600,000 
(b) OUTSIDE
THE
UNITED
STATES.—Using 
amounts appropriated pursuant to the au-
thorization of appropriations in section 
2403(a) and available for energy conservation 
projects as specified in the funding table in 
section 4601, the Secretary of Defense may 
carry out energy conservation projects under 
chapter 173 of title 10, United States Code, 
for the installations or locations outside the 
United States, and in the amounts, set forth 
in the following table: 
ERCIP Projects: Outside the United States 
Country 
Installation or Location 
Amount 
Guam .............................................
Polaris Point, Naval Base Guam ...................................................................................
$38,300,000 
Japan .............................................
Naval Air Facility Atsugi .............................................................................................
$3,810,000 
Kuwait ..........................................
Camp Arifjan .................................................................................................................
$15,000,000 
SEC. 2403. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS, 
DEFENSE AGENCIES. 
(a) AUTHORIZATION
OF
APPROPRIATIONS.— 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated for fiscal years beginning after Sep-
tember 30, 2021, for military construction, 
land acquisition, and military family hous-
ing functions of the Department of Defense 
(other than the military departments), as 
specified in the funding table in section 4601. 
(b) LIMITATION
ON
TOTAL
COST
OF
CON-
STRUCTION
PROJECTS.—Notwithstanding the 
cost variations authorized by section 2853 of 
title 10, United States Code, and any other 
cost variation authorized by law, the total 
cost of all projects carried out under section 
2401 of this Act may not exceed the total 
amount authorized to be appropriated under 
subsection (a), as specified in the funding 
table in section 4601. 
SEC. 2404. EXTENSION OF AUTHORIZATION OF 
FISCAL 
YEAR 
2017 
PROJECT 
AT 
YOKOTA AIR BASE, JAPAN. 
(a) EXTENSION.—Notwithstanding section 
2002 of the Military Construction Authoriza-
tion Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (division B of 
Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2688), the au-
thorization set forth in the table in sub-
section (b), as provided in section 2401(b) of 
that Act (130 Stat. 2700), shall remain in ef-
fect until October 1, 2023, or the date of the 
enactment of an Act authorizing funds for 
military construction for fiscal year 2024, 
whichever is later. 
(b) TABLE.—The table referred to in sub-
section (a) is as follows: 
Defense Agencies: Extension of 2017 Project Authorization 
Country 
Installation or Location 
Project 
Original Authorized 
Amount 
Japan ..............................
Yokota Air Base .....................
Hangar/AMU ...................................................
$39,466,000 
TITLE XXV—INTERNATIONAL PROGRAMS 
Subtitle A—North Atlantic Treaty 
Organization Security Investment Program 
SEC. 2501. AUTHORIZED NATO CONSTRUCTION 
AND LAND ACQUISITION PROJECTS. 
The Secretary of Defense may make con-
tributions for the North Atlantic Treaty Or-
ganization Security Investment Program as 
provided in section 2806 of title 10, United 
States Code, in an amount not to exceed the 
sum of the amount authorized to be appro-
priated for this purpose in section 2502 and 
the amount collected from the North Atlan-
tic Treaty Organization as a result of con-
struction previously financed by the United 
States. 
SEC. 2502. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS, 
NATO. 
(a) AUTHORIZATION.—Funds are hereby au-
thorized to be appropriated for fiscal years 
beginning after September 30, 2021, for con-
tributions by the Secretary of Defense under 
section 2806 of title 10, United States Code, 
for the share of the United States of the cost 
of projects for the North Atlantic Treaty Or-
ganization Security Investment Program au-
thorized by section 2501 as specified in the 
funding table in section 4601. 
(b) AUTHORITY TO RECOGNIZE NATO AU-
THORIZATION
AMOUNTS
AS
BUDGETARY
RE-
SOURCES FOR PROJECT EXECUTION.—When the 
United States is designated as the Host Na-
tion for the purposes of executing a project 
under the NATO Security Investment Pro-
gram (NSIP), the Department of Defense 
construction agent may recognize the NATO 
project authorization amounts as budgetary 
resources to incur obligations for the pur-
poses of executing the NSIP project. 
Subtitle B—Host Country In-Kind 
Contributions 
SEC. 2511. REPUBLIC OF KOREA FUNDED CON-
STRUCTION PROJECTS. 
Pursuant to agreement with the Republic 
of Korea for required in-kind contributions, 
the Secretary of Defense may accept mili-
tary construction projects for the installa-
tions or locations in the Republic of Korea, 
and in the amounts, set forth in the fol-
lowing table: 
Republic of Korea Funded Construction Projects 
Component 
Installation or Location 
Project 
Amount 
Army ..............................
Camp Humphreys ...................
Unaccompanied Enlisted Personnel Housing
$52,000,000 
Army ..............................
Camp Humphreys ...................
Type I Aircraft Parking Apron and Parallel 
Taxiway .......................................................
$48,000,000 
Navy ...............................
Mujuk .....................................
Expeditionary Dining Facility .......................
$10,200,000 
Air Force ........................
Gimhae Air Base ....................
Repair Contingency Hospital .........................
$75,000,000 
Air Force ........................
Osan Air Base .........................
Munitions Storage Area Move Delta (Phase 2) 
$171,000,000 
SEC. 2512. REPUBLIC OF POLAND PROVIDED IN-
FRASTRUCTURE PROJECTS. 
Pursuant to agreement with the Republic 
of Poland for required in-kind contributions, 
the Secretary of Defense may accept mili-
tary construction projects for the installa-
tions or locations in the Republic of Poland, 
and in the amounts, set forth in the fol-
lowing table: 
Republic of Poland Provided Infrastructure Projects 
Component 
Installation or Location 
Project 
Amount 
Army ..............................
Poznan ....................................
Command and Control Facility ......................
$30,000,000 
Army ..............................
Poznan ....................................
Information Systems Facility ........................
$7,000,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00099
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 110-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8642 
November 19, 2021 
SEC. 2513. AUTHORIZATION TO ACCEPT CON-
TRIBUTIONS FROM THE REPUBLIC 
OF KOREA IN THE FORM OF AN IR-
REVOCABLE LETTER OF CREDIT. 
In addition to any other authorized form of 
burden sharing contribution, the Secretary 
of Defense may accept contributions from 
the Republic of Korea, under authorities 
available to the Secretary, in the form of an 
irrevocable letter of credit issued by a finan-
cial institution acceptable to the Treasurer 
of the United States, for construction of the 
Black Hat Intelligence Fusion Center, Camp 
Humphreys, Republic of Korea, and for other 
military construction projects within the 
Republic of Korea. 
TITLE XXVI—GUARD AND RESERVE 
FORCES FACILITIES 
SEC. 2601. AUTHORIZED ARMY NATIONAL GUARD 
CONSTRUCTION AND LAND ACQUISI-
TION PROJECTS. 
(a) INSIDE
THE
UNITED
STATES.—Using 
amounts appropriated pursuant to the au-
thorization of appropriations in section 2606 
and available for the National Guard and Re-
serve as specified in the funding table in sec-
tion 4601, the Secretary of the Army may ac-
quire real property and carry out military 
construction projects for the Army National 
Guard locations inside the United States, 
and in the amounts, set forth in the fol-
lowing table: 
Army National Guard: Inside the United States 
State 
Location 
Amount 
Alabama .............................................
Huntsville Army National Guard ................................................................................
$17,000,000 
Connecticut ........................................
Putnam .......................................................................................................................
$17,500,000 
Georgia ...............................................
Fort Benning ...............................................................................................................
$13,200,000 
Idaho ...................................................
Jerome ........................................................................................................................
$15,000,000 
Illinois ................................................
Bloomington ...............................................................................................................
$15,000,000 
Kansas ................................................
Topeka ........................................................................................................................
$16,732,000 
Louisiana ............................................
Lake Charles ...............................................................................................................
$18,500,000 
Maine ..................................................
Saco ............................................................................................................................
$21,200,000 
Mississippi ..........................................
Camp Shelby ...............................................................................................................
$15,500,000 
Montana .............................................
Butte ...........................................................................................................................
$16,000,000 
Nebraska .............................................
Mead Training Site .....................................................................................................
$11,000,000 
North Dakota .....................................
Dickinson ....................................................................................................................
$15,500,000 
Vermont .............................................
Bennington .................................................................................................................
$16,900,000 
Virginia ..............................................
Troutville ...................................................................................................................
$13,000,000 
(b) OUTSIDE
THE
UNITED
STATES.—Using 
amounts appropriated pursuant to the au-
thorization of appropriations in section 2606 
and available for the National Guard and Re-
serve as specified in the funding table in sec-
tion 4601, the Secretary of the Army may ac-
quire real property and carry out military 
construction projects for the installation or 
location outside the United States, and in 
the amount, set forth in the following table: 
Army National Guard: Outside the United States 
Country 
Installation or Location 
Amount 
Guam ..................................................
Barrigada ....................................................................................................................
$34,000,000 
SEC. 2602. AUTHORIZED ARMY RESERVE CON-
STRUCTION AND LAND ACQUISITION 
PROJECTS. 
Using amounts appropriated pursuant to 
the authorization of appropriations in sec-
tion 2606 and available for the National 
Guard and Reserve as specified in the fund-
ing table in section 4601, the Secretary of the 
Army may acquire real property and carry 
out military construction projects for the 
Army Reserve locations inside the United 
States, and in the amounts, set forth in the 
following table: 
Army Reserve 
State 
Location 
Amount 
Michigan .............................................................
Southfield ...................................................................................................
$12,000,000 
Ohio ....................................................................
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base ...............................................................
$19,000,000 
Wisconsin ............................................................
Fort McCoy .................................................................................................
$70,600,000 
SEC. 2603. AUTHORIZED NAVY RESERVE AND MA-
RINE CORPS RESERVE CONSTRUC-
TION 
AND 
LAND 
ACQUISITION 
PROJECTS. 
Using amounts appropriated pursuant to 
the authorization of appropriations in sec-
tion 2606 and available for the National 
Guard and Reserve as specified in the fund-
ing table in section 4601, the Secretary of the 
Navy may acquire real property and carry 
out military construction projects for the 
Navy Reserve and Marine Corps Reserve in-
stallations or locations inside the United 
States, and in the amounts, set forth in the 
following table: 
Navy Reserve and Marine Corps Reserve 
State 
Installation or Location 
Amount 
Michigan .............................................................
Battle Creek ...............................................................................................
$49,090,000 
Minnesota ...........................................................
Minneapolis Air Reserve Station ................................................................
$14,350,000 
SEC. 2604. AUTHORIZED AIR NATIONAL GUARD 
CONSTRUCTION AND LAND ACQUISI-
TION PROJECTS. 
Using amounts appropriated pursuant to 
the authorization of appropriations in sec-
tion 2606 and available for the National 
Guard and Reserve as specified in the fund-
ing table in section 4601, the Secretary of the 
Air Force may acquire real property and 
carry out military construction projects for 
the Air National Guard locations inside the 
United States, and in the amounts, set forth 
in the following table: 
Air National Guard 
State 
Location 
Amount 
Alabama .............................................
Montgomery Regional Airport ...................................................................................
$19,200,000 
Sumpter Smith Air National Guard Base ...................................................................
$7,500,000 
Connecticut ........................................
Bradley International Airport ....................................................................................
$17,000,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00100
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 111-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8643 
November 19, 2021 
Air National Guard—Continued 
State 
Location 
Amount 
Delaware .............................................
New Castle County Aiport ..........................................................................................
$17,500,000 
Idaho ...................................................
Boise Air Terminal (Gowen Field) ..............................................................................
$6,500,000 
Illinois ................................................
Abraham Lincoln Capital Airport ..............................................................................
$10,200,000 
Massachusetts ....................................
Barnes Municipal Airport ...........................................................................................
$12,200,000 
Michigan .............................................
Alpena County Regional Airport ................................................................................
$23,000,000 
Selfridge Air National Guard Base .............................................................................
$28,000,000 
W.K. Kellogg Regional Airport ...................................................................................
$10,000,000 
Mississippi ..........................................
Jackson International Airport ...................................................................................
$9,300,000 
New York ............................................
Francis S. Gabreski Airport .......................................................................................
$14,800,000 
Schenectady Municipal Airport ..................................................................................
$10,800,000 
Ohio ....................................................
Camp Perry .................................................................................................................
$7,800,000 
South Carolina ...................................
McEntire Joint National Guard Base .........................................................................
$18,800,000 
South Dakota .....................................
Joe Foss Field .............................................................................................................
$9,800,000 
Texas ..................................................
Kelly Field Annex .......................................................................................................
$9,500,000 
Washington .........................................
Camp Murray Air National Guard Station .................................................................
$27,000,000 
Wisconsin ............................................
Truax Field .................................................................................................................
$44,200,000 
Wyoming .............................................
Cheyenne Municipal Airport .......................................................................................
$13,400,000 
SEC. 2605. AUTHORIZED AIR FORCE RESERVE 
CONSTRUCTION AND LAND ACQUISI-
TION PROJECTS. 
Using amounts appropriated pursuant to 
the authorization of appropriations in sec-
tion 2606 and available for the National 
Guard and Reserve as specified in the fund-
ing table in section 4601, the Secretary of the 
Air Force may acquire real property and 
carry out military construction projects for 
the Air Force Reserve locations inside the 
United States, and in the amounts, set forth 
in the following table: 
Air Force Reserve 
State 
Location 
Amount 
California ............................................................
Beale Air Force Base ..................................................................................
$33,000,000 
Florida ................................................................
Homestead Air Force Station .....................................................................
$14,000,000 
Patrick Space Force Base ...........................................................................
$18,500,000 
Indiana ................................................................
Grissom Air Reserve Base ...........................................................................
$29,000,000 
Minnesota ...........................................................
Minneapolis-St. Paul Air Reserve Station .................................................
$14,000,000 
New York ............................................................
Niagara Falls Air Reserve Station .............................................................
$10,600,000 
Ohio ....................................................................
Youngstown Air Reserve Base ....................................................................
$8,700,000 
SEC. 2606. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS, 
NATIONAL GUARD AND RESERVE. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated for fiscal years beginning after Sep-
tember 30, 2021, for the costs of acquisition, 
architectural and engineering services, and 
construction of facilities for the Guard and 
Reserve Forces, and for contributions there-
for, under chapter 1803 of title 10, United 
States Code (including the cost of acquisi-
tion of land for those facilities), as specified 
in the funding table in section 4601. 
TITLE XXVII—BASE REALIGNMENT AND 
CLOSURE ACTIVITIES 
SEC. 2701. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS 
FOR BASE REALIGNMENT AND CLO-
SURE 
ACTIVITIES 
FUNDED 
THROUGH 
DEPARTMENT 
OF 
DE-
FENSE BASE CLOSURE ACCOUNT. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated for fiscal years beginning after Sep-
tember 30, 2021, for base realignment and clo-
sure activities, including real property ac-
quisition and military construction projects, 
as authorized by the Defense Base Closure 
and Realignment Act of 1990 (part A of title 
XXIX of Public Law 101–510; 10 U.S.C. 2687 
note) and funded through the Department of 
Defense Base Closure Account established by 
section 2906 of such Act (as amended by sec-
tion 2711 of the Military Construction Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (division 
B of Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 2140)), as 
specified in the funding table in section 4601. 
SEC. 2702. PROHIBITION ON CONDUCTING ADDI-
TIONAL BASE REALIGNMENT AND 
CLOSURE (BRAC) ROUND. 
Nothing in this Act shall be construed to 
authorize an additional Base Realignment 
and Closure (BRAC) round. 
TITLE XXVIII—MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
AND GENERAL PROVISIONS 
Subtitle A—Military Construction Program 
SEC. 2801. CLARIFICATION OF ESTABLISHMENT 
OF THE OFFICE OF LOCAL DEFENSE 
COMMUNITY COOPERATION AS A DE-
PARTMENT OF DEFENSE FIELD AC-
TIVITY. 
(a) TRANSFER TO CHAPTER 8.—Section 146 of 
title 10, United States Code, is transferred to 
subchapter I of chapter 8 of such title, in-
serted after section 197, and redesignated as 
section 198. 
(b) ESTABLISHMENT AS DEPARTMENT OF DE-
FENSE
FIELD
ACTIVITY.—Section 198(a) of 
such title, as transferred and redesignated by 
subsection (a), is amended by striking ‘‘in 
the Office of the Secretary of Defense’’ and 
inserting ‘‘established as a Department of 
Defense Field Activity’’. 
(c) APPOINTMENT OF DIRECTOR.—Such sec-
tion 198 is further amended— 
(1) in subsection (b) in the matter pre-
ceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Under 
Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and 
Sustainment’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary of 
Defense’’; and 
(2) in subsection (c)(4), by striking ‘‘Under 
Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and 
Sustainment’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary’’. 
(d) CONFORMING
AND
CLERICAL
AMEND-
MENTS.— 
(1) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS.—Section 905 
of the William M. (Mac) Thornberry National 
Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 
2021 (Public Law 116–283) is amended— 
(A) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘section 
146’’ and inserting ‘‘section 198’’; and 
(B) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘section 
146’’ and inserting ‘‘section 198’’. 
(2) CLERICAL AMENDMENTS.— 
(A) CHAPTER
4.—The table of sections at 
the beginning of chapter 4 of title 10, United 
States Code, is amended by striking the item 
relating to section 146. 
(B) CHAPTER
8.—The table of sections at 
the beginning of subtitle I of chapter 8 of 
such title is amended by inserting after the 
item relating to section 197 the following 
new item: 
‘‘198. Office of Local Defense Community Co-
operation’’. 
SEC. 2802. USE OF AMOUNTS AVAILABLE FOR OP-
ERATION 
AND 
MAINTENANCE 
IN 
CARRYING 
OUT 
MILITARY 
CON-
STRUCTION PROJECTS FOR ENERGY 
RESILIENCE, ENERGY SECURITY, OR 
ENERGY CONSERVATION. 
Section 2914 of title 10, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsections (c) and (d) 
as subsections (d) and (e), respectively; and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-
lowing new subsection (c): 
‘‘(c) ALTERNATIVE FUNDING SOURCE.—(1) In 
addition to the authority under section 
2805(c) of this title, in carrying out a mili-
tary construction project for energy resil-
ience, energy security, or energy conserva-
tion under this section, the Secretary con-
cerned may use amounts available for oper-
ation and maintenance for the military de-
partment concerned if the Secretary con-
cerned submits to the congressional defense 
committees a notification of the decision to 
carry out the project using such amounts 
and includes in the notification— 
‘‘(A) the current estimate of the cost of the 
project; 
‘‘(B) the source of funds for the project; 
and 
‘‘(C) a certification that deferring the 
project pending the availability of funds ap-
propriated for or otherwise made available 
for military construction would be incon-
sistent with the timely assurance of energy 
resilience, energy security, or energy con-
servation for one or more critical national 
security functions. 
‘‘(2) A project carried out under this sec-
tion using amounts under paragraph (1) may 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00101
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 112-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8644 
November 19, 2021 
be carried out only after the end of the 
seven-day period beginning on the date on 
which a copy of the notification described in 
paragraph (1) is provided in an electronic 
medium pursuant to section 480 of this title. 
‘‘(3) The maximum aggregate amount that 
the Secretary concerned may obligate from 
amounts available to the military depart-
ment concerned for operation and mainte-
nance in any fiscal year for projects under 
the 
authority 
of 
this 
subsection 
is 
$100,000,000.’’. 
Subtitle B—Military Family Housing 
SEC. 2811. COMMAND OVERSIGHT OF MILITARY 
PRIVATIZED HOUSING AS ELEMENT 
OF PERFORMANCE EVALUATIONS. 
(a) EVALUATIONS
IN GENERAL.—Each Sec-
retary of a military department shall ensure 
that the performance evaluations of any in-
dividual described in subsection (b) under 
the jurisdiction of such Secretary provides 
for an assessment of the extent to which 
such individual has or has not exercised ef-
fective oversight and leadership in the fol-
lowing: 
(1) Improving conditions of privatized 
housing under subchapter IV of chapter 169 
of title 10, United States Code. 
(2) Addressing concerns with respect to 
such housing of members of the Armed 
Forces and their families who reside in such 
housing on an installation of the military 
department concerned. 
(b) COVERED INDIVIDUALS.—The individuals 
described in this subsection are as follows: 
(1) The commander of an installation of a 
military department at which on-installa-
tion housing is managed by a landlord of 
privatized housing under subchapter IV of 
chapter 169 of title 10, United States Code. 
(2) Each officer or senior enlisted member 
of the Armed Forces at an installation de-
scribed in paragraph (1) whose duties include 
facilities or housing management at such in-
stallation. 
(3) Any other officer or enlisted member of 
the Armed Forces (whether or not at an in-
stallation described in paragraph (1)) as spec-
ified by the Secretary of the military depart-
ment concerned for purposes of this section. 
SEC. 
2812. 
CLARIFICATION 
OF 
PROHIBITION 
AGAINST COLLECTION FROM TEN-
ANTS 
OF 
PRIVATIZED 
MILITARY 
HOUSING UNITS OF AMOUNTS IN AD-
DITION TO RENT AND APPLICATION 
OF EXISTING LAW. 
(a) CLARIFICATION OF PROHIBITION.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—Section 2891a(e) of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘the any’’ each place it ap-
pears and inserting ‘‘any’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(3) Costs incurred to modify or upgrade a 
housing unit to comply with standards under 
the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 
(42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq.) and facilitate occu-
pancy of the housing unit by an individual 
with a disability (as defined in section 3 of 
such Act (42 U.S.C. 12102)) may not be consid-
ered 
optional 
services 
under 
paragraph 
(2)(A)(i) or another exception to the prohibi-
tion in paragraph (1) against collection from 
tenants of housing units of amounts in addi-
tion to rent.’’. 
(2) APPLICATION.—The amendment made by 
paragraph (1)(B) shall apply to contracts de-
scribed in section 2891a(a) of title 10, United 
States Code, entered into on or after the 
date of the enactment of this Act. 
(b) APPLICATION OF EXISTING LAW.—Section 
2891a of title 10, United States Code, is 
amended by adding at the end the following 
new subsection: 
‘‘(f) APPLICATION
OF EXISTING LAW.—The 
Secretary of Defense shall ensure that, in 
carrying out subsections (c) and (d), the head 
of each housing management office of an in-
stallation and each landlord providing a 
housing unit, as the case may be, comply 
with the following: 
‘‘(1) Section 804 of the Fair Housing Act (42 
U.S.C. 3604). 
‘‘(2) Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act 
of 1973 (29 U.S.C. 794). 
‘‘(3) Title III of the Americans with Dis-
abilities Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12181 et seq.).’’. 
SEC. 2813. MODIFICATION OF CALCULATION OF 
MILITARY 
HOUSING 
CONTRACTOR 
PAY 
FOR 
PRIVATIZED 
MILITARY 
HOUSING. 
Section 606(a) of the John S. McCain Na-
tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal 
Year 2019 (Public Law 115–232; 10 U.S.C. 2871 
note) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)(B)— 
(A) by striking ‘‘2.5 percent’’ and inserting 
‘‘50 percent’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘section 403(b)(3)(A)(i)’’ and 
inserting ‘‘section 403(b)(3)(A)(ii)’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (2)(B)— 
(A) by striking ‘‘2.5 percent’’ and inserting 
‘‘50 percent’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘section 403(b)(3)(A)(i)’’ and 
inserting ‘‘section 403(b)(3)(A)(ii)’’. 
SEC. 2814. MODIFICATION OF REQUIREMENTS 
RELATING TO WINDOW FALL PRE-
VENTION 
DEVICES 
AT 
MILITARY 
FAMILY HOUSING. 
(a) RETROFITTING
OF
EXISTING
HOUSING 
UNITS.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—On the date of the enact-
ment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense 
shall begin retrofitting windows at existing 
military family housing units acquired or 
constructed under chapter 169 of title 10, 
United States Code, with fall prevention de-
vices or replacement of such windows with 
windows equipped with such devices pursu-
ant to the program under subsection (b) of 
section 2879 of such title. 
(2) REPORT.—Not later than 90 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the 
Secretary of Defense shall submit to Con-
gress a report that sets forth a plan to com-
plete retrofitting or replacement of windows 
as described in subsection (a) by not later 
than one year after such date of enactment. 
(b) EXCLUSION OF WINDOW OPENING CONTROL 
DEVICES
AS
APPROVED
DEVICES.—Section 
2879(a)(3) of title 10, United States Code, is 
amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘or guard’’ and inserting ‘‘, 
guard, or other passive barrier’’; and 
(2) by inserting before the period at the end 
the following: ‘‘, excluding a window opening 
control device’’. 
Subtitle C—Land Conveyances 
SEC. 2821. LAND CONVEYANCE, ST. LOUIS, MIS-
SOURI. 
(a) CONVEYANCE AUTHORIZED.— 
(1) CONVEYANCE TO LAND CLEARANCE FOR RE-
DEVELOPMENT AUTHORITY OF THE CITY OF ST. 
LOUIS.— 
(A) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of the Air 
Force (in this section referred to as the 
‘‘Secretary’’) may convey to the Land Clear-
ance for Redevelopment Authority of the 
City of St. Louis (in this section referred to 
as the ‘‘Authority’’), on behalf of the United 
States, all right, title, and interest of the 
United States in and to the parcel of land de-
scribed in paragraph (2) for purposes of rede-
velopment by the Authority. 
(B) LIMITATION.—The Secretary may con-
vey only that portion of the parcel of land 
described in paragraph (2) to the Authority 
that is declared excess to the Department of 
Defense. 
(2) PARCEL OF LAND DESCRIBED.— 
(A) IN
GENERAL.—The parcel of land de-
scribed in this paragraph is approximately 24 
acres of land located at 3200 S. 2nd Street, 
St. Louis, Missouri, and includes all im-
provements to the land. 
(B) LEGAL DESCRIPTION.—The exact acreage 
and legal description of the property to be 
conveyed under paragraph (1) shall be deter-
mined by a survey satisfactory to the Sec-
retary and the Authority. 
(b) TERMS OF CONVEYANCE.— 
(1) INSTRUMENT AND CONDITIONS.— 
(A) IN
GENERAL.—The conveyance under 
subsection (a)(1) shall be accomplished using 
a quitclaim deed or other legal instrument 
and upon terms and conditions satisfactory 
to the Secretary, including such additional 
terms and conditions as the Secretary con-
siders appropriate to protect the interests of 
the United States. 
(B) ENVIRONMENTAL CONDITIONS.—The con-
veyance under subsection (a)(1) may include 
conditions, restrictions, or covenants related 
the environmental condition of the property, 
which shall not adversely interfere with the 
use of existing structures and the develop-
ment of the site for commercial or industrial 
uses. 
(C) HISTORICAL PROPERTY CONDITIONS.—The 
conveyance under subsection (a)(1) may in-
clude conditions, restrictions, or covenants 
to ensure preservation of historic property, 
notwithstanding the effect such conditions, 
restrictions, or covenants may have on reuse 
of the site. 
(2) CONDUCT OF REMEDIATION.— 
(A) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary shall con-
duct all remediation at the parcel of land 
conveyed under subsection (a)(1) pursuant to 
approved activities under the Comprehensive 
Environmental Response, Compensation, and 
Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq.) 
and the Defense Environmental Restoration 
Program under section 2701 of title 10, 
United States Code. 
(B) COMPLETION OF REMEDIATION.—The Sec-
retary shall complete all remediation at the 
parcel of land conveyed under subsection 
(a)(1) in accordance with the requirements 
selected in the Record of Decision, Scott Air 
Force Base Environmental Restoration Pro-
gram Site SS018, National Imagery and Map-
ping Agency, Second Street, dated August 
2019. 
(c) COSTS OF CONVEYANCE.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—There is authorized to be 
appropriated to the Secretary $2,000,000 for 
administrative expenses incurred by the Sec-
retary to carry out the conveyance under 
subsection (a)(1), including survey costs and 
other administrative costs related to the 
conveyance. 
(2) EXCLUSION.—Administrative expenses 
under paragraph (1) do not include any ex-
penditures authorized under an environ-
mental restoration account under section 
2703(a) of title 10, United States Code. 
(d) COMPLIANCE WITH EXISTING LAW.—The 
conveyance under subsection (a) shall be in 
compliance with division A of subtitle III of 
title 54, United States Code (formerly known 
as 
the 
‘‘National 
Historic 
Preservation 
Act’’). 
(e) RULE
OF
CONSTRUCTION.—Nothing in 
this section shall be construed to affect or 
limit the application of, or any obligation to 
comply with, the Comprehensive Environ-
mental Response, Compensation, and Liabil-
ity Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq.). 
SEC. 2822. LAND CONVEYANCE, SAINT JOSEPH, 
MISSOURI. 
(a) 
CONVEYANCE
AUTHORIZED.—At 
such 
time as the Missouri Air National Guard va-
cates their existing location on the southern 
end of the airfield at Rosecrans Memorial 
Airport in Saint Joseph, Missouri, as deter-
mined by the Secretary of the Air Force (in 
this section referred to as the ‘‘Secretary’’), 
the Secretary may convey to the City of 
Saint Joseph (in this section referred to as 
the ‘‘City’’) all right, title, and interest of 
the United States in and to a parcel of real 
property, including any improvements there-
on, consisting of approximately 54 acres at 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00102
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 113-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8645 
November 19, 2021 
the Rosecrans Air National Guard Base in 
Saint Joseph, Missouri, for the purpose of re-
moving the property from the boundaries of 
the Rosecrans Air National Guard Base and 
accommodating the operations and mainte-
nance needs of the Rosecrans Memorial Air-
port as well as the development of the par-
cels and buildings for economic purposes. 
(b) CONDITION
OF CONVEYANCE.—The con-
veyance under subsection (a) shall be subject 
to valid existing rights and the City shall ac-
cept the real property (and any improve-
ments thereon) in its condition at the time 
of the conveyance (commonly known as a 
conveyance ‘‘as is’’). 
(c) CONSIDERATION.— 
(1) REQUIREMENT.—As consideration for the 
conveyance of the property under subsection 
(a), the City shall provide the United States 
an amount that is equivalent to the fair 
market value of the right, title, and interest 
conveyed under subsection (a) based on an 
appraisal approved by the Secretary. 
(2) TYPES OF CONSIDERATION.— 
(A) IN
GENERAL.—Except as provided in 
subparagraph (B), the consideration required 
to be provided under paragraph (1) may be 
provided by land exchange, in-kind consider-
ation described in subparagraph (D), or a 
combination thereof. 
(B) LESS THAN FAIR MARKET VALUE.—If the 
value of the land exchange or in-kind consid-
eration provided under subparagraph (A) is 
less than the fair market value of the prop-
erty interest to be conveyed under sub-
section (a), the City shall pay to the United 
States an amount equal to the difference be-
tween the fair market value of the property 
interest and the value of the consideration 
provided under subparagraph (A). 
(C) CASH CONSIDERATION.—Any cash consid-
eration received by the United States under 
this subsection shall be deposited in the spe-
cial account in the Treasury established 
under section 572(b)(5) of title 40, United 
States Code, and available in accordance 
with the provisions of subparagraph (B)(ii) of 
such section. 
(D) IN-KIND
CONSIDERATION.—In-kind con-
sideration described in this subparagraph 
may include the construction, provision, im-
provement, alteration, protection, mainte-
nance, repair, or restoration (including envi-
ronmental restoration), or a combination 
thereof, of any facilities or infrastructure re-
lating to the needs of the Missouri Air Na-
tional Guard at Rosecrans Air National 
Guard Base that the Secretary considers ap-
propriate. 
(d) PAYMENT OF COSTS OF CONVEYANCE.— 
(1) 
PAYMENT
REQUIRED.—The 
Secretary 
may require the City to cover all costs to be 
incurred by the Secretary, or to reimburse 
the Secretary for costs incurred by the Sec-
retary, to carry out the conveyance under 
subsection (a), including survey costs, costs 
related to environmental documentation, 
and any other administrative costs related 
to the conveyance. If amounts paid by the 
City to the Secretary in advance exceed the 
costs actually incurred by the Secretary to 
carry out the conveyance, the Secretary 
shall refund the excess amount to the City. 
(2) TREATMENT
OF
AMOUNTS
RECEIVED.— 
Amounts received under paragraph (1) as re-
imbursement for costs incurred by the Sec-
retary to carry out the conveyance under 
subsection (a) shall be credited to the fund or 
account that was used to cover the costs in-
curred by the Secretary in carrying out the 
conveyance, or to an appropriate fund or ac-
count currently available to the Secretary 
for the purposes for which the costs were 
paid. Amounts so credited shall be merged 
with amounts in such fund or account and 
shall be available for the same purposes, and 
subject to the same conditions and limita-
tions, as amounts in such fund or account. 
(e) DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY.—The exact 
acreage and legal description of the property 
to be conveyed under subsection (a) shall be 
determined by a survey satisfactory to the 
Secretary. 
(f) ADDITIONAL TERMS
AND CONDITIONS.— 
The Secretary may require such additional 
terms and conditions in connection with the 
conveyance under subsection (a) as the Sec-
retary considers appropriate to protect the 
interests of the United States. 
SEC. 2823. LAND CONVEYANCE, MARINE CORPS 
AIR 
STATION, 
CHERRY 
POINT, 
NORTH CAROLINA. 
(a) CONVEYANCE
AUTHORIZED.—The Sec-
retary of the Navy (in this section referred 
to as the ‘‘Secretary’’) may convey to the 
City of Havelock, North Carolina (in this 
section referred to as the ‘‘City’’), all right, 
title, and interest of the United States in 
and to a parcel of real property, including 
any improvements thereon, consisting of ap-
proximately 30 acres, known as the former 
Fort Macon Housing Area, located within 
the City limits. 
(b) INTERIM LEASE.—Until such time as the 
real property described in subsection (a) is 
conveyed to the City, the Secretary may 
lease the property to the City for 20 years. 
(c) CONSIDERATION.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—As consideration for the 
conveyance under subsection (a) and interim 
lease under subsection (b), the City shall pay 
to the Secretary an amount that is not less 
than the fair market value of the property 
conveyed, as determined by the Secretary, 
whether by cash payment, in-kind consider-
ation as described under paragraph (2), or a 
combination thereof. 
(2) IN-KIND CONSIDERATION.—In-kind consid-
eration provided by the City under this sub-
section may include the acquisition, con-
struction, provision, improvement, mainte-
nance, repair, or restoration (including envi-
ronmental 
restoration), 
or 
combination 
thereof, of any facilities or infrastructure, or 
delivery of services relating to the needs of 
Marine Corps Air Station Cherry Point, 
North Carolina, that the Secretary considers 
acceptable. 
(3) DISPOSITION OF AMOUNTS.— 
(A) CONVEYANCE.—Amounts received by the 
Secretary in exchange for the fee title of the 
real property described in subsection (a) 
shall be deposited in the special account in 
the 
Treasury 
established 
under 
section 
572(b)(5) of title 40, United States Code, and 
shall be available in accordance with sub-
paragraph (B)(ii) of such section. 
(B) INTERIM LEASE.—Amounts received by 
the Secretary for the interim lease of the 
real property described in subsection (a) 
shall be deposited in the special account in 
the Treasury established for the Secretary 
under subsection (e) of section 2667 of title 
10, United States Code, and shall be available 
for use in accordance with paragraph (1)(D) 
of such subsection. 
(d) PAYMENT OF COSTS OF CONVEYANCE.— 
(1) IN
GENERAL.—The Secretary shall re-
quire the City to cover costs (except costs 
for environmental remediation of the prop-
erty) to be incurred by the Secretary, or to 
reimburse the Secretary for such costs in-
curred by the Secretary, to carry out the 
conveyance under subsection (a) and interim 
lease under subsection (b), including costs 
for environmental and real estate due dili-
gence and any other administrative costs re-
lated to the conveyance. 
(2) 
REFUND
OF
EXCESS
AMOUNTS.—If 
amounts are collected from the City under 
paragraph (1) in advance of the Secretary in-
curring the actual costs, and the amount col-
lected exceeds the costs actually incurred by 
the Secretary to carry out the conveyance 
under subsection (a) and interim lease under 
subsection (b), the Secretary shall refund the 
excess amount to the City. 
(e) CONDITION
OF
CONVEYANCE.—Convey-
ance of real property shall be subject to all 
existing easements, restrictions, and cov-
enants of record and conditioned upon the 
following: 
(1) Real property shall be used for munic-
ipal park and recreational purposes, which 
may include ancillary uses such as vending 
and restrooms. 
(2) The City shall not use Federal funds to 
cover any portion of the amounts required 
by subsections (c) and (d) to be paid by the 
City. 
(f) DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY.—The exact 
acreage and legal description of the property 
to be conveyed under subsection (a) shall be 
determined by a survey satisfactory to the 
Secretary. 
(g) EXCLUSION OF REQUIREMENTS FOR PRIOR 
SCREENING
BY GENERAL SERVICES ADMINIS-
TRATION FOR ADDITIONAL FEDERAL USE.—Sec-
tion 2696(b) of title 10, United States Code, 
does not apply to the conveyance of real 
property authorized under subsection (a). 
(h) 
ADDITIONAL
TERMS.—The 
Secretary 
may require such additional terms and con-
ditions in connection with the conveyance 
under subsection (a) as the Secretary con-
siders appropriate to protect the interests of 
the United States. 
SEC. 2824. LAND CONVEYANCE, NAVAL AIR STA-
TION 
OCEANA, 
VIRGINIA 
BEACH, 
VIRGINIA. 
(a) CONVEYANCE AUTHORIZED.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of the Navy 
(in this section referred to as the ‘‘Sec-
retary’’) may convey to the City of Virginia 
Beach, Virginia (in this section referred to as 
the ‘‘City’’), all right, title, and interest of 
the United States in and to a parcel of real 
property located at 4200 C Avenue, Virginia 
Beach, Virginia, including any improve-
ments thereon, consisting of approximately 8 
acres. 
(2) AUTHORITY TO VOID LAND USE RESTRIC-
TIONS.—The Secretary may void any land use 
restrictions associated with the property to 
be conveyed under paragraph (1). 
(b) CONSIDERATION.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—As consideration for the 
conveyance under subsection (a)(1), the City 
shall pay to the Secretary an amount that is 
not less than the fair market value of the 
property conveyed, as determined by the 
Secretary, whether by cash payment, in-kind 
consideration as described in paragraph (2), 
or a combination thereof. 
(2) IN-KIND CONSIDERATION.—In-kind consid-
eration provided by the City under this sub-
section may include the acquisition, con-
struction, provision, improvement, mainte-
nance, repair, or restoration (including envi-
ronmental 
restoration), 
or 
combination 
thereof, of any facilities or infrastructure, or 
delivery of services relating to the needs of 
Naval Air Station Oceana, Virginia, that the 
Secretary considers acceptable. 
(3) DISPOSITION OF FUNDS.—Cash received in 
exchange for the fee title of the property 
conveyed under subsection (a)(1) shall be de-
posited in the special account in the Treas-
ury established under subparagraph (A) of 
section 572(b)(5) of title 40, United States 
Code, and shall be available for use in ac-
cordance with subparagraph (B)(ii) of such 
section. 
(c) PAYMENT OF COSTS OF CONVEYANCE.— 
(1) 
PAYMENT
REQUIRED.—The 
Secretary 
shall require the City to cover costs to be in-
curred by the Secretary, or to reimburse the 
Secretary for costs incurred by the Sec-
retary, to carry out the conveyance under 
subsection (a)(1), including costs related to 
environmental and real estate due diligence, 
and any other administrative costs related 
to the conveyance. 
(2) 
REFUND
OF
EXCESS
AMOUNTS.—If 
amounts are collected under paragraph (1) in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00103
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 114-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8646 
November 19, 2021 
advance of the Secretary incurring the ac-
tual costs, and the amount collected exceeds 
the costs actually incurred by the Secretary 
to carry out the conveyance under sub-
section (a)(1), the Secretary shall refund the 
excess amount to the City. 
(3) TREATMENT
OF
AMOUNTS
RECEIVED.— 
Amounts received as reimbursement under 
paragraph (1) shall be credited to the fund or 
account that was used to cover the costs in-
curred by the Secretary in carrying out the 
conveyance under subsection (a)(1). Amounts 
so credited shall be merged with amounts in 
such fund or account and shall be available 
for the same purposes, and subject to the 
same conditions and limitations, as amounts 
in such fund or account. 
(d) DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY.—The exact 
acreage and legal description of the parcel of 
real property to be conveyed under sub-
section (a)(1) shall be determined by a survey 
satisfactory to the Secretary. 
(e) ADDITIONAL TERMS
AND CONDITIONS.— 
The Secretary may require such additional 
terms and conditions in connection with the 
conveyance under subsection (a)(1) as the 
Secretary considers appropriate to protect 
the interests of the United States. 
Subtitle D—Other Matters 
SEC. 2831. CONSIDERATION OF PUBLIC EDU-
CATION WHEN MAKING BASING DE-
CISIONS. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Section 2883 of the Wil-
liam M. (Mac) Thornberry National Defense 
Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2021 (Pub-
lic Law 116–283) is amended— 
(1) 
by 
redesignating 
subsections 
(e) 
through (j) as subsections (f) through (k), re-
spectively; and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (d) the fol-
lowing new subsection (e): 
‘‘(e) EDUCATION.—With regard to the mili-
tary housing area in which an installation 
subject to a basing decision covered by sub-
section (a) is or will be located, the Sec-
retary of the military department concerned 
shall take into account the extent to which 
high-quality public education is available 
and accessible to dependents of members of 
the Armed Forces in the military housing 
area by comparing the progress of students 
served by relevant local educational agencies 
in the State in which the installation and 
military housing area are located under the 
statewide accountability system described in 
section 1111 of the Elementary and Sec-
ondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6311) 
as compared to the progress of all students 
in such State under such system.’’. 
(b) CONFORMING
AMENDMENT.—Subsection 
(a) of such section is amended by striking 
‘‘subsection (e)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection 
(f)’’. 
SEC. 2832. DESIGNATION OF FACILITY AT ROCK 
ISLAND ARSENAL, ILLINOIS. 
The Secretary of the Army shall designate 
a facility located at Rock Island Arsenal, Il-
linois, to be named after Charles Carroll 
Smith, in recognition of his significant pub-
lic service contributions. 
SEC. 
2833. 
IMPROVEMENT 
OF 
SECURITY 
OF 
LODGING AND LIVING SPACES ON 
MILITARY INSTALLATIONS. 
(a) ASSESSMENT.—Not later than 60 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
the Secretary of Defense shall conduct an as-
sessment of all on-base dormitories and bar-
racks at military installations for purposes 
of identifying— 
(1) locking mechanisms on points of entry 
into the main facility, including doors and 
windows, or interior doors leading into pri-
vate sleeping areas that require replacing or 
repairing; 
(2) areas, such as exterior sidewalks, entry 
points, and other public areas where closed- 
circuit television security cameras should be 
installed; and 
(3) other passive security measures, such 
as additional lighting, that may be necessary 
to prevent crime, including sexual assault. 
(b) EMERGENCY
REPAIRS.—The Secretary 
shall make any necessary repairs of broken 
locks or other safety mechanisms discovered 
during the assessment conducted under sub-
section (a) not later than 30 days after dis-
covering the issue. 
(c) REPORT.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 270 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
the Secretary shall submit to the congres-
sional defense committees a report on the re-
sults of the assessment conducted under sub-
section (a). 
(2) ELEMENTS.—The report under paragraph 
(1) shall include— 
(A) a cost estimate to make any improve-
ments recommended pursuant to the assess-
ment under subsection (a), disaggregated by 
military department and installation; and 
(B) an estimated schedule for making such 
improvements. 
SEC. 2834. EXPANSION OF AUTHORITY OF SEC-
RETARY OF THE NAVY TO LEASE 
AND LICENSE NAVY MUSEUM FA-
CILITIES TO GENERATE REVENUE 
TO SUPPORT MUSEUM ADMINISTRA-
TION AND OPERATIONS. 
(a) INCLUSION OF ALL NAVY MUSEUMS.—Sec-
tion 2852 of the Military Construction Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2006 (division 
B of Public Law 109–163; 119 Stat. 3530) is 
amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— 
(A) by striking ‘‘the Naval Historical 
Foundation any portion of the facilities lo-
cated at the Washington Naval Yard, Dis-
trict of Columbia, that house the United 
States Navy Museum’’ and inserting ‘‘a foun-
dation established to support a Navy mu-
seum any portion of the facilities of that 
Navy museum’’; 
(B) by striking ‘‘the Foundation’’ and in-
serting ‘‘the foundation’’; and 
(C) by striking ‘‘the United States Navy 
Museum’’ both places it appears and insert-
ing ‘‘that Navy museum’’; 
(2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘the 
United States Navy Museum’’ and inserting 
‘‘the Navy museum of which the facility is a 
part’’; 
(3) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘the Naval 
Historical Foundation’’ and inserting ‘‘a 
foundation described in subsection (a)’’; and 
(4) in subsection (d)— 
(A) by striking ‘‘the United States Navy 
Museum’’ and inserting ‘‘the applicable Navy 
museum’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘the Museum’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘the museum’’. 
(b) CONFORMING
CLERICAL
AMENDMENT.— 
The section heading for section 2852 of the 
Military Construction Authorization Act for 
Fiscal Year 2006 (division B of Public Law 
109–163; 119 Stat. 3530) is amended by striking 
‘‘AT WASHINGTON, NAVY YARD, DISTRICT OF CO-
LUMBIA’’. 
SEC. 2835. PILOT PROGRAM ON ESTABLISHMENT 
OF ACCOUNT FOR REIMBURSEMENT 
FOR USE OF TESTING FACILITIES AT 
INSTALLATIONS OF THE DEPART-
MENT OF THE AIR FORCE. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
the Secretary of the Air Force shall estab-
lish a pilot program to authorize installa-
tions of the Department of the Air Force to 
establish a reimbursable account for the pur-
pose of being reimbursed for the use of test-
ing facilities on such installation. 
(b) INSTALLATIONS
SELECTED.—The Sec-
retary of the Air Force shall select not more 
than two installations of the Department of 
the Air Force to participate in the pilot pro-
gram under subsection (a) from among any 
such installations that are part of the Air 
Force Flight Test Center construct and are 
currently funded for Facilities Sustainment, 
Restoration, 
and 
Modernization 
(FSRM) 
through the Research, Development, Test, 
and Evaluation account of the Department 
of the Air Force. 
(c) OVERSIGHT OF FUNDS.—For each instal-
lation selected for the pilot program under 
subsection (a), the commander of such in-
stallation shall have direct oversight over 50 
percent of the funds allocated to the instal-
lation for Facilities Sustainment, Restora-
tion, and Modernization and the Commander 
of the Air Force Civil Engineer Center shall 
have direct oversight over the remaining 50 
percent of such funds. 
(d) BRIEFING AND REPORT.— 
(1) BRIEFING.—Not later than 30 days after 
establishing the pilot program under sub-
section (a), the Secretary of the Air Force 
shall brief the congressional defense commit-
tees on the pilot program. 
(2) ANNUAL
REPORT.—Not later than one 
year after establishing the pilot program 
under subsection (a), and annually there-
after, the Secretary of the Air Force shall 
submit to the congressional defense commit-
tees a report on the pilot program. 
(e) TERMINATION.—The pilot program under 
subsection (a) shall terminate on December 
1, 2026. 
DIVISION C—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY 
NATIONAL SECURITY AUTHORIZATIONS 
AND OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS 
TITLE XXXI—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY 
NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS 
Subtitle A—National Security Programs and 
Authorizations 
SEC. 3101. NATIONAL NUCLEAR SECURITY AD-
MINISTRATION. 
(a) AUTHORIZATION
OF
APPROPRIATIONS.— 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated to the Department of Energy for fis-
cal year 2022 for the activities of the Na-
tional Nuclear Security Administration in 
carrying out programs as specified in the 
funding table in section 4701. 
(b) 
AUTHORIZATION
OF
NEW
PLANT 
PROJECTS.—From funds referred to in sub-
section (a) that are available for carrying 
out plant projects, the Secretary of Energy 
may carry out new plant projects for the Na-
tional Nuclear Security Administration as 
follows: 
Project 22–D–513, Power Sources Capa-
bility, Sandia National Laboratories, Albu-
querque, New Mexico, $13,827,000. 
Project 22–D–514, Digital Infrastructure Ca-
pability Expansion, Lawrence Livermore Na-
tional Laboratory, Livermore, California, 
$8,000,000. 
Project 22–D–531, Chemistry and Radio-
logical 
Health 
Building, 
Knolls 
Atomic 
Power Laboratory, Niskayuna, New York, 
$41,620,000. 
Project 
22–D–532, 
Security 
Upgrades, 
Knolls 
Atomic 
Power 
Laboratory, 
Niskayuna, New York, $5,100,000. 
SEC. 3102. DEFENSE ENVIRONMENTAL CLEANUP. 
(a) AUTHORIZATION
OF
APPROPRIATIONS.— 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated to the Department of Energy for fis-
cal year 2022 for defense environmental 
cleanup activities in carrying out programs 
as specified in the funding table in section 
4701. 
(b) 
AUTHORIZATION
OF
NEW
PLANT 
PROJECTS.—From funds referred to in sub-
section (a) that are available for carrying 
out plant projects, the Secretary of Energy 
may carry out, for defense environmental 
cleanup activities, the following new plant 
projects: 
Project 22–D–401, L–888, 400 Area Fire Sta-
tion, Hanford Site, Richland, Washington, 
$15,200,000. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00104
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 115-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8647 
November 19, 2021 
Project 22–D–402, L–897, 200 Area Water 
Treatment Facility, Hanford Site, Richland, 
Washington, $12,800,000. 
Project 22–D–403, Spent Nuclear Fuel Stag-
ing Facility, Idaho National Laboratory, 
Idaho Falls, Idaho, $3,000,000. 
Project 
22–D–404, 
Additional 
Idaho 
CERCLA Disposal Facility Landfill Disposal 
Cell and Evaporation Ponds Project, Idaho 
National Laboratory, Idaho Falls, Idaho, 
$5,000,000. 
SEC. 3103. OTHER DEFENSE ACTIVITIES. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated to the Department of Energy for fis-
cal year 2022 for other defense activities in 
carrying out programs as specified in the 
funding table in section 4701. 
SEC. 3104. NUCLEAR ENERGY. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated to the Department of Energy for fis-
cal year 2022 for nuclear energy as specified 
in the funding table in section 4701. 
Subtitle B—Nuclear Weapons Stockpile 
Matters 
SEC. 3111. PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT FRAME-
WORK FOR NATIONAL NUCLEAR SE-
CURITY ADMINISTRATION. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than one year 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
the Administrator for Nuclear Security 
shall— 
(1) in consultation with the Nuclear Weap-
ons Council established under section 179 of 
title 10, United States Code, develop and im-
plement a portfolio management framework 
for the nuclear security enterprise that— 
(A) defines the National Nuclear Security 
Administration’s portfolio of nuclear weap-
ons stockpile and infrastructure mainte-
nance and modernization programs; 
(B) establishes a portfolio governance 
structure, including portfolio-level selection 
criteria, prioritization criteria, and perform-
ance metrics; 
(C) outlines the approach of the National 
Nuclear Security Administration to man-
aging that portfolio; and 
(D) incorporates the leading practices iden-
tified by the Government Accountability Of-
fice in its report entitled ‘‘Nuclear Security 
Enterprise: NNSA Should Use Portfolio Man-
agement Leading Practices to Support Mod-
ernization Efforts’’ (GAO–21–398) and dated 
June 2021; and 
(2) complete an integrated, comprehensive 
assessment of the portfolio management ca-
pabilities required to execute the weapons 
activities portfolio of the National Nuclear 
Security Administration. 
(b) BRIEFING REQUIREMENT.—Not later than 
June 1, 2022, the Administrator shall provide 
to the congressional defense committees a 
briefing on— 
(1) the progress of the Administrator in de-
veloping the framework described in para-
graph (1) of subsection (a) and completing 
the assessment required by paragraph (2) of 
that subsection; and 
(2) the plans of the Administrator for im-
plementing the recommendations of the Gov-
ernment Accountability Office in the report 
referred to in subsection (a)(1)(D). 
(c) NUCLEAR
SECURITY
ENTERPRISE
DE-
FINED.—In this section, the term ‘‘nuclear se-
curity enterprise’’ has the meaning given 
that term in section 4002 of the Atomic En-
ergy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2501). 
SEC. 3112. REPORTS ON RISKS TO AND GAPS IN 
INDUSTRIAL BASE FOR NUCLEAR 
WEAPONS 
COMPONENTS, 
SUB-
SYSTEMS, AND MATERIALS. 
Section 3113 of the William M. (Mac) 
Thornberry National Defense Authorization 
Act for Fiscal Year 2021 (Public Law 116–283) 
is amended by adding at the end the fol-
lowing new subsection: 
‘‘(e) REPORTS
REQUIRED.—The Adminis-
trator, acting through the official designated 
under subsection (a), shall submit to the 
Committees on Armed Services of the Senate 
and the House of Representatives, contem-
poraneously with each briefing required by 
subsection (d)(2), a report that— 
‘‘(1) identifies actual or potential risks to 
or specific gaps in any element of the indus-
trial base that supports the nuclear weapons 
components, subsystems, or materials of the 
National Nuclear Security Administration; 
‘‘(2) describing the actions the Administra-
tion is taking to further assess, characterize, 
and prioritize such risks and gaps; 
‘‘(3) describing mitigating actions, if any, 
the Administration has underway or planned 
to mitigate any such risks or gaps; 
‘‘(4) setting forth the anticipated timelines 
and resources needed for such mitigating ac-
tions; and 
‘‘(5) describing the nature of any coordina-
tion with or burden sharing by other Federal 
agencies or the private sector to address 
such risks and gaps.’’. 
SEC. 3113. SENSE OF SENATE ON OVERSIGHT 
ROLE OF CONGRESS IN CONDUCT OF 
NUCLEAR WEAPONS TESTING. 
It is the sense of the Senate that Congress 
should have an oversight role in overseeing 
the United States Government’s ability to 
conduct nuclear weapons testing that pro-
duces nuclear yield. 
Subtitle C—Defense Environmental Cleanup 
Matters 
PART I—ENVIRONMENTAL MANAGEMENT 
LIABILITY 
REDUCTION 
AND 
TECH-
NOLOGY DEVELOPMENT 
SEC. 3121. DEFINITIONS. 
In this part: 
(1) COMPLEX.—The term ‘‘complex’’ means 
all sites managed in whole or in part by the 
Office. 
(2) DEPARTMENT.—The term ‘‘Department’’ 
means the Department of Energy. 
(3) INSTITUTION OF HIGHER EDUCATION.—The 
term ‘‘institution of higher education’’ has 
the meaning given the term in section 101(a) 
of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 
1001(a)). 
(4) MISSION.—The term ‘‘mission’’ means 
the mission of the Office. 
(5) NATIONAL LABORATORY.—The term ‘‘Na-
tional Laboratory’’ has the meaning given 
the term in section 2 of the Energy Policy 
Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 15801). 
(6) OFFICE.—The term ‘‘Office’’ means the 
Office of Environmental Management of the 
Department. 
(7) 
SECRETARY.—The 
term 
‘‘Secretary’’ 
means the Secretary of Energy, acting 
through the Assistant Secretary for Environ-
mental Management. 
SEC. 3122. INDEPENDENT ASSESSMENT AND MAN-
AGEMENT OF DEFENSE ENVIRON-
MENTAL CLEANUP PROGRAMS. 
(a) INDEPENDENT ASSESSMENT.— 
(1) IN
GENERAL.—The Secretary shall ob-
tain from the Corps of Engineers an inde-
pendent assessment of the lifecycle costs and 
schedules 
of 
the 
defense 
environmental 
cleanup programs of the Office. 
(2) FOCUS OF ASSESSMENT.—The assessment 
under paragraph (1) shall be focused on iden-
tifying key remaining technical risks and 
uncertainties of the defense environmental 
cleanup programs. 
(3) USE OF ASSESSMENT.—The Office shall 
use the assessment under paragraph (1)— 
(A) to reevaluate the major defense envi-
ronmental cleanup challenges faced by the 
Office, including the timeline and costs asso-
ciated with addressing those challenges with 
existing science and technology investments; 
(B) to make any adjustments to the 
science and technology development pro-
gram of the Office that are necessary to ad-
dress those challenges; 
(C) to evaluate potential savings from the 
development of new technologies over the 
life of the cleanup programs of the Office; 
and 
(D) to provide recommendations to Con-
gress with respect to the annual funding lev-
els for the Incremental Technology Develop-
ment Program established under section 
3123(a) and the High-Impact Technology De-
velopment Program established under sec-
tion 3124(a) that will ensure maximum cost- 
savings over the life of the defense environ-
mental cleanup programs of the Office. 
(4) NO
EFFECT
ON
PROGRAM
IMPLEMENTA-
TION.—Nothing in this subsection affects the 
establishment, implementation, or carrying 
out of any project or program under any 
other provision of law, including this part, or 
under any existing agreement or consent de-
cree to which the Department is a party, 
during the time period in which the assess-
ment under paragraph (1) is carried out. 
(b) MANAGEMENT PROCESS.—The Secretary 
shall design and implement a science and 
technology management process for identi-
fying, 
prioritizing, 
selecting, 
developing, 
testing, permitting, and deploying the new 
knowledge and technologies needed to ad-
dress the defense environmental cleanup 
challenges faced by the Office, including the 
technical risks and uncertainties identified 
by the assessment under subsection (a). 
(c) PEER REVIEW.—The Secretary shall use 
independent peer review to evaluate— 
(1) the science and technology manage-
ment process designed under subsection (b) 
before that process is implemented; 
(2) any science and technology projects be-
fore those projects are funded; and 
(3) the overall effectiveness and impact of 
the science and technology efforts of the Of-
fice. 
SEC. 3123. INCREMENTAL TECHNOLOGY DEVEL-
OPMENT PROGRAM. 
(a) ESTABLISHMENT.—The Secretary shall 
establish a program, to be known as the ‘‘In-
cremental Technology Development Pro-
gram’’ (in this section referred to as the 
‘‘program’’), to improve the efficiency and 
effectiveness of the defense environmental 
cleanup processes of the Office. 
(b) FOCUS.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—The program shall focus 
on the continuous improvement of new or 
available technologies, including— 
(A) decontamination chemicals and tech-
niques; 
(B) remote sensing and wireless commu-
nication to reduce manpower and laboratory 
efforts; 
(C) detection, assay, and certification in-
strumentation; 
(D) packaging materials, methods, and 
shipping systems; and 
(E) improving the overall efficiency and ef-
fectiveness of the Office. 
(2) OTHER
AREAS.—The program may in-
clude mission-relevant development, dem-
onstration, and deployment activities unre-
lated to the focus areas described in para-
graph (1). 
(c) USE
OF
NEW
AND
EMERGING
TECH-
NOLOGIES.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—In carrying out the pro-
gram, the Secretary shall ensure that site of-
fices of the Office conduct technology devel-
opment and demonstration of new and 
emerging technologies to establish a sound 
technical basis for the selection of tech-
nologies for defense environmental cleanup 
or infrastructure operations. 
(2) COLLABORATION
REQUIRED.—The Sec-
retary shall collaborate, to the extent prac-
ticable, with the heads of other Federal 
agencies, the National Laboratories, other 
Federal laboratories, appropriate State regu-
lators and agencies, and the Department of 
Labor in the development, demonstration, 
testing, permitting, and deployment of new 
technologies under the program. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00105
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 116-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8648 
November 19, 2021 
(d) AGREEMENTS TO CARRY OUT PROJECTS.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—In carrying out the pro-
gram, the Secretary may enter into agree-
ments for technology development, dem-
onstration, and deployment projects to im-
prove technologies in accordance with sub-
section (b). 
(2) SELECTION.—The Secretary shall select 
projects under paragraph (1) through a rig-
orous process that involves— 
(A) transparent and open competition; and 
(B) an independent peer review process de-
scribed in paragraph (3). 
(3) PEER REVIEW PROCESS.— 
(A) IN GENERAL.—Each technology develop-
ment, 
demonstration, 
and 
deployment 
project under consideration for selection 
under paragraph (2) shall undergo an inde-
pendent peer review process by a panel of not 
fewer than 3 peer reviewers selected in ac-
cordance with subparagraph (C), who shall 
evaluate the project in accordance with the 
criteria described in subparagraph (B), with 
the goal of maximizing— 
(i) returns on the research and develop-
ment expenditures of the Office; and 
(ii) the return on investment of funds made 
available under the program. 
(B) CRITERIA.—The criteria for peer review 
under subparagraph (A), with respect to each 
project, including any technology to be de-
veloped, demonstrated, or deployed by the 
project, shall include an evaluation of— 
(i) mission relevancy; 
(ii) scientific and technical validity; 
(iii) ability to meet an existing mission 
void; 
(iv) superiority to alternatives; 
(v) cost effectiveness; 
(vi) ability to reduce risk; 
(vii) regulatory compliance; 
(viii) public acceptance; and 
(ix) likelihood of implementation. 
(C) PEER REVIEWERS.— 
(i) IN
GENERAL.—A peer reviewer for a 
project under subparagraph (A) shall be se-
lected— 
(I) through a systematic approach to ac-
cessing peer reviewer information that en-
sures the appropriate range of expertise for 
the peer review panel; and 
(II) from among— 
(aa) contractors of the Department; 
(bb) the National Laboratories; 
(cc) other Federal Laboratories; 
(dd) institutions of higher education; and 
(ee) members of relevant professional soci-
eties. 
(ii) MINIMIZATION OF DOE PARTICIPATION.— 
To the maximum extent practicable, the 
peer reviewer selection process under clause 
(i) shall minimize the participation of em-
ployees of the Department as peer reviewers. 
(iii) MINIMIZATION OF CONFLICTS OF INTER-
EST.—A peer reviewer selected under clause 
(i) to review the project may not be affili-
ated with the project being reviewed or the 
entity that would carry out that project. 
(D) REVIEW PROCESS.—Each panel of peer 
reviewers shall review a project under sub-
paragraph (A)— 
(i) using a process of regular review and 
staged decision making that is comparable 
to other peer review programs; and 
(ii) with rigorous attention to— 
(I) the collection of activity; and 
(II) 
the 
achievement 
of 
performance 
metrics. 
(4) COST-SHARING.—The Federal share of 
the costs of the development, demonstration, 
testing, permitting, and deployment of new 
technologies carried out under this sub-
section shall be not more than 70 percent. 
SEC. 3124. HIGH-IMPACT TECHNOLOGY DEVELOP-
MENT PROGRAM. 
(a) ESTABLISHMENT.—The Secretary shall 
establish a program, to be known as the 
‘‘High-Impact Technology Development Pro-
gram’’ (in this section referred to as the 
‘‘program’’), under which the Secretary shall 
enter into agreements for projects that pur-
sue technologies that, with respect to the 
mission— 
(1) holistically address difficult challenges; 
(2) hold the promise of breakthrough im-
provements; or 
(3) align existing or in-use technologies 
with difficult challenges. 
(b) WORKSHOP.—The Secretary shall com-
mence the program with a workshop to iden-
tify, with respect to the technologies devel-
oped pursuant to the program— 
(1) the challenges that need to be ad-
dressed; and 
(2) how— 
(A) to maximize the impact of existing re-
sources of the Office; and 
(B) to ensure that the technology develop-
ment targets challenges across the complex. 
(c) AREAS OF FOCUS.—Areas of focus of a 
project carried out under this section may 
include— 
(1) developing and demonstrating improved 
methods for source and plume characteriza-
tion and monitoring, with an emphasis on— 
(A) real-time field acquisition; and 
(B) the use of indicator species analyses 
with advanced contaminant transport mod-
els to enable better understanding of con-
taminant migration; 
(2) developing and determining the limits 
of performance for remediation technologies 
and integrated remedial systems that pre-
vent migration of contaminants, including 
by producing associated guidance and design 
manuals for technologies that could be wide-
ly used across the complex; 
(3) demonstrating advanced monitoring ap-
proaches that use multiple lines of evidence 
for monitoring long-term performance of— 
(A) remediation systems; and 
(B) noninvasive near-field monitoring tech-
niques; 
(4) developing and demonstrating methods 
to characterize the physical and chemical at-
tributes of waste that control behavior, with 
an emphasis on— 
(A) rapid and nondestructive examination 
and assay techniques; and 
(B) methods to determine radio-nuclide, 
heavy metals, and organic constituents; 
(5) demonstrating the technical basis for 
determining when enhanced or natural at-
tenuation is an appropriate approach for re-
mediation of complex sites; 
(6) developing and demonstrating innova-
tive methods to achieve real-time and, if 
practicable, in situ characterization data for 
tank waste and process streams that could 
be useful for all phases of the waste manage-
ment program, including improving the ac-
curacy and representativeness of character-
ization data for residual waste in tanks and 
ancillary equipment; 
(7) adapting existing waste treatment tech-
nologies or demonstrating new waste treat-
ment technologies at the pilot plant scale 
using real wastes or realistic surrogates— 
(A) to address engineering adaptations; 
(B) to ensure compliance with waste treat-
ment standards and other applicable require-
ments under Federal and State law and any 
existing agreements or consent decrees to 
which the Department is a party; and 
(C) to enable successful deployment at full- 
scale and in support of operations; 
(8) developing and demonstrating rapid 
testing protocols that— 
(A) are accepted by the Environmental 
Protection Agency, the Nuclear Regulatory 
Commission, the Department, and the sci-
entific community; 
(B) can be used to measure long-term 
waste form performance under realistic dis-
posal environments; 
(C) can determine whether a stabilized 
waste is suitable for disposal; and 
(D) reduce the need for extensive, time- 
consuming, and costly analyses on every 
batch of waste prior to disposal; 
(9) developing and demonstrating direct 
stabilization technologies to provide waste 
forms for disposing of elemental mercury; 
and 
(10) developing and demonstrating innova-
tive and effective retrieval methods for re-
moval of waste residual materials from 
tanks and ancillary equipment, including 
mobile retrieval equipment or methods capa-
ble of immediately removing waste from 
leaking tanks, and connecting pipelines. 
(d) PROJECT SELECTION.— 
(1) SELECTION.—The Secretary shall select 
projects to be carried out under the program 
through a rigorous process that involves— 
(A) transparent and open competition; and 
(B) an independent peer review process de-
scribed in paragraph (2). 
(2) PEER REVIEW PROCESS.— 
(A) IN GENERAL.—Each project under con-
sideration for selection under paragraph (1) 
shall undergo an independent peer review 
process by a panel of not fewer than 3 peer 
reviewers selected in accordance with sub-
paragraph (B). 
(B) PEER REVIEWERS.— 
(i) IN
GENERAL.—A peer reviewer for a 
project under subparagraph (A) shall be se-
lected— 
(I) through a systematic approach to ac-
cessing peer reviewer information that en-
sures the appropriate range of expertise for 
the peer review panel; and 
(II) from— 
(aa) a relevant database, such as a data-
base of chemical engineers, geologists, physi-
cists, materials scientists, or biologists; or 
(bb) among members of relevant profes-
sional societies. 
(ii) MINIMIZATION OF DOE PARTICIPATION.— 
To the maximum extent practicable, the 
peer reviewer selection process under clause 
(i) shall minimize the participation of em-
ployees of the Department as peer reviewers. 
(iii) MINIMIZATION OF CONFLICTS OF INTER-
EST.—A peer reviewer selected under clause 
(i) to review a project may not be affiliated 
with the project being reviewed or the entity 
that would carry out that project. 
(C) REVIEW PROCESS.—Each panel of peer 
reviewers shall review a project under sub-
paragraph (A)— 
(i) using a process of regular review and 
staged decision making that is comparable 
to other peer review programs; and 
(ii) with rigorous attention to— 
(I) the collection of activity; and 
(II) 
the 
achievement 
of 
performance 
metrics. 
SEC. 3125. ENVIRONMENTAL MANAGEMENT UNI-
VERSITY PROGRAM. 
(a) ESTABLISHMENT.—The Secretary shall 
establish a program, to be known as the ‘‘En-
vironmental Management University Pro-
gram’’ (in this section referred to as the 
‘‘program’’)— 
(1) to engage faculty, post-doctoral fellows 
or researchers, and graduate students of in-
stitutions of higher education on subjects re-
lating to the mission to show a clear path for 
students for employment with the Depart-
ment or contractors of the Department; 
(2) to provide to institutions of higher edu-
cation— 
(A) a source of new ideas; and 
(B) access to advances in engineering and 
science; 
(3) to clearly identify to institutions of 
higher education the tools necessary to enter 
into the environmental management field 
professionally; and 
(4) to encourage current employees of the 
Department to pursue advanced degrees. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00106
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 117-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8649 
November 19, 2021 
(b) AREAS OF FOCUS.—Areas of focus of a 
project receiving a grant under this section 
may include— 
(1) the atomic- and molecular-scale chem-
istries of waste processing; 
(2) contaminant immobilization in engi-
neered and natural systems; 
(3) developing innovative materials, with 
an emphasis on nanomaterials or biomate-
rials, that could enable sequestration of 
challenging hazardous or radioactive con-
stituents such as technetium and iodine; 
(4) elucidating and exploiting complex spe-
ciation and reactivity far from equilibrium; 
(5) understanding and controlling chemical 
and physical processes at interfaces; 
(6) harnessing physical and chemical proc-
esses to revolutionize separations; 
(7) tailoring waste forms for contaminants 
in harsh chemical environments; or 
(8) 
predicting 
and 
understanding 
sub-
surface system behavior and response to per-
turbations. 
(c) INDIVIDUAL RESEARCH GRANTS.—In car-
rying out the program, the Secretary may 
make individual research grants to faculty, 
post-doctoral fellows or researchers, and 
graduate students of institutions of higher 
education for 3-year research projects, with 
an option for an extension of one additional 
period of 2 years. 
(d) GRANTS
FOR
INTERDISCIPLINARY
COL-
LABORATIONS.—In carrying out the program, 
the Secretary may make research grants for 
strategic partnerships among scientists, fac-
ulty, post-doctoral fellows or researchers, 
and graduate students of institutions of 
higher 
education 
for 
3-year 
research 
projects. 
(e) HIRING
OF UNDERGRADUATES.—In car-
rying out the program, the Secretary may 
establish a summer internship program for 
undergraduates of institutions of higher edu-
cation to work on projects relating to envi-
ronmental management. 
(f) WORKSHOPS.—In carrying out the pro-
gram, the Secretary may hold workshops 
with the Office of Environmental Manage-
ment, the Office of Science, and members of 
academia and industry concerning environ-
mental management challenges and solu-
tions. 
PART II—OTHER MATTERS 
SEC. 
3131. 
COMPREHENSIVE 
STRATEGY 
FOR 
TREATING, 
STORING, 
AND 
DIS-
POSING 
OF 
DEFENSE 
NUCLEAR 
WASTE RESULTING FROM STOCK-
PILE 
MAINTENANCE 
AND 
MOD-
ERNIZATION ACTIVITIES. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than one year 
after the date of the enactment of the Na-
tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal 
Year 2022, the Administrator for Nuclear Se-
curity shall submit to the congressional de-
fense committees and the Comptroller Gen-
eral of the United States a comprehensive 
strategy for treating, storing, and disposing 
of defense nuclear waste generated as a re-
sult of stockpile maintenance and mod-
ernization activities. 
(b) ELEMENTS.—The strategy required by 
subsection (a) shall include the following: 
(1) A projection of the location, type, and 
quantity of defense nuclear waste the Na-
tional Nuclear Security Administration an-
ticipates generating as a result of stockpile 
maintenance and modernization activities 
during the periods of five and ten fiscal years 
after the submission of the strategy, with a 
long-term outlook for the period of 25 fiscal 
years after such submission. 
(2) Budgetary estimates associated the pro-
jection under paragraph (1) during the period 
of five fiscal years after the submission of 
the strategy. 
(3) A description of how the National Nu-
clear Security Administration plans to co-
ordinate with the Office of Environmental 
Management of the Department of Energy to 
treat, store, and dispose of the type and 
quantity of waste projected to be generated 
under paragraph (1). 
(4) An identification of— 
(A) disposal facilities that could accept 
that waste; 
(B) disposal facilities that could accept 
that waste with modifications; and 
(C) in the case of facilities described in 
subparagraph (B), the modifications nec-
essary for such facilities to accept that 
waste. 
(c) 
FOLLOW-ON
STRATEGY.—Concurrent 
with the submission of the budget of the 
President to Congress under section 1105(a) 
of title 31, United States Code, for fiscal year 
2027, the Administrator shall submit to the 
congressional defense committees a follow- 
on strategy to the strategy required by sub-
section (a) that includes— 
(1) the elements set forth in subsection (b); 
and 
(2) any other matters that the Adminis-
trator considers appropriate. 
Subtitle D—Budget and Financial 
Management Matters 
SEC. 3141. IMPROVEMENTS TO COST ESTIMATES 
INFORMING ANALYSES OF ALTER-
NATIVES. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Subtitle A of title XLVII 
of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 
2741 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end 
the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 4718. IMPROVEMENTS TO COST ESTIMATES 
INFORMING ANALYSES OF ALTER-
NATIVES. 
‘‘(a) REQUIREMENT
FOR ANALYSES
OF AL-
TERNATIVES.—The Administrator shall en-
sure that any cost estimate used in an anal-
ysis of alternatives for a project carried out 
using funds authorized by a DOE national se-
curity authorization is designed to fully sat-
isfy the requirements outlined in the mission 
needs statement approved at critical deci-
sion 0 in the acquisition process, as set forth 
in Department of Energy Order 413.3B (relat-
ing to program management and project 
management for the acquisition of capital 
assets) or a successor order. 
‘‘(b) USE OF PROJECT ENGINEERING AND DE-
SIGN FUNDS.—In the case of a project the 
total 
estimated 
cost 
of 
which 
exceeds 
$500,000,000 and that has not reached critical 
decision 1 in the acquisition process, the Ad-
ministrator may use funds authorized by a 
DOE national security authorization for 
project engineering and design to begin the 
development of a conceptual design to facili-
tate the development of a cost estimate for 
the project during the analysis of alter-
natives for the project if— 
‘‘(1) the Administrator— 
‘‘(A) determines that such use of funds 
would improve the quality of the cost esti-
mate for the project; and 
‘‘(B) notifies the congressional defense 
committees of that determination; and 
‘‘(2) a period of 15 days has elapsed after 
the date on which such committees receive 
the notification.’’. 
(b) CLERICAL
AMENDMENT.—The table of 
contents for the Atomic Energy Defense Act 
is amended by inserting after the item relat-
ing to section 4717 the following new item: 
‘‘Sec. 4718. Improvements to cost estimates 
informing analyses of alter-
natives.’’. 
SEC. 3142. MODIFICATION OF REQUIREMENTS 
FOR 
CERTAIN 
CONSTRUCTION 
PROJECTS. 
(a) 
INCREASE
IN
MINOR
CONSTRUCTION 
THRESHOLD
FOR
PLANT
PROJECTS.—Section 
4701(2) of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 
U.S.C. 
2741(2)) 
is 
amended 
by 
striking 
‘‘$20,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$25,000,000’’. 
(b) NOTIFICATION REQUIREMENT
FOR CER-
TAIN MINOR CONSTRUCTION PROJECTS.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—Section 4703 of the Atomic 
Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2743) is amend-
ed— 
(A) by redesignating subsection (d) as sub-
section (e); and 
(B) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-
lowing new subsection (d): 
‘‘(d) NOTIFICATION REQUIRED
FOR CERTAIN 
PROJECTS.—Notwithstanding subsection (a), 
the Secretary may not start a minor con-
struction project with a total estimated cost 
of more than $5,000,000 until— 
‘‘(1) the Secretary notifies the congres-
sional defense committees of such project 
and total estimated cost; and 
‘‘(2) a period of 15 days has elapsed after 
the date on which such notification is re-
ceived.’’. 
(2) CONFORMING REPEAL.—Section 3118(c) of 
the National Defense Authorization Act for 
Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 50 U.S.C. 
2743 note) is repealed. 
(c) 
INCREASE
IN
CONSTRUCTION
DESIGN 
THRESHOLD.—Section 4706(b) of the Atomic 
Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2746(b)) is 
amended by striking ‘‘$2,000,000’’ each place 
it appears and inserting ‘‘$5,000,000’’. 
SEC. 3143. MODIFICATION TO TERMINOLOGY FOR 
REPORTS ON FINANCIAL BALANCES 
FOR ATOMIC ENERGY DEFENSE AC-
TIVITIES. 
Section 4732 of the Atomic Energy Defense 
Act (50 U.S.C. 2772) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)(2)— 
(A) in subparagraph (G), by striking ‘‘com-
mitted’’ and inserting ‘‘encumbered’’; 
(B) in subparagraph (H), by striking ‘‘un-
committed’’ and inserting ‘‘unencumbered’’; 
and 
(C) in subparagraph (I), by striking ‘‘un-
committed’’ and inserting ‘‘unencumbered’’; 
and 
(2) in subsection (c)— 
(A) by striking paragraphs (1) and (3); 
(B) by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (4) 
as paragraphs (1) and (3), respectively; 
(C) in paragraph (1), as redesignated by 
subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘by the con-
tractor’’ 
and 
inserting 
‘‘from 
the 
con-
tractor’’; 
(D) by inserting after paragraph (1), as so 
redesignated, the following new paragraph 
(2): 
‘‘(2) ENCUMBERED.—The term ‘encumbered’, 
with respect to funds, means the funds have 
been obligated to a contract and are being 
held for a specific known purpose by the con-
tractor.’’; 
(E) in paragraph (3), as so redesignated, by 
striking ‘‘by the contractor’’ and inserting 
‘‘from the contractor’’; and 
(F) by inserting after paragraph (3), as so 
redesignated, the following new paragraph 
(4): 
‘‘(4) 
UNENCUMBERED.—The 
term 
‘unencumbered’, 
with 
respect 
to 
funds, 
means the funds have been obligated to a 
contract and are not being held for a specific 
known purpose by the contractor.’’. 
Subtitle E—Other Matters 
SEC. 3151. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR AP-
POINTMENT 
OF 
CERTAIN 
SCI-
ENTIFIC, ENGINEERING, AND TECH-
NICAL PERSONNEL. 
Section 4601(c)(1) of the Atomic Energy De-
fense Act (50 U.S.C. 2701(c)(1)) is amended by 
striking ‘‘September 30, 2021’’ and inserting 
‘‘September 30, 2026’’. 
SEC. 3152. EXTENSION OF ENHANCED PROCURE-
MENT AUTHORITY TO MANAGE SUP-
PLY CHAIN RISK. 
Section 4806(g) of the Atomic Energy De-
fense Act (50 U.S.C. 2786(g)) is amended by 
striking ‘‘June 30, 2023’’ and inserting ‘‘De-
cember 31, 2028’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00107
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 118-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8650 
November 19, 2021 
SEC. 3153. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR AC-
CEPTANCE OF CONTRIBUTIONS FOR 
ACCELERATION OF REMOVAL OR SE-
CURITY OF FISSILE MATERIALS, RA-
DIOLOGICAL MATERIALS, AND RE-
LATED EQUIPMENT AT VULNERABLE 
SITES WORLDWIDE. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Section 3132 of the Ron-
ald W. Reagan National Defense Authoriza-
tion Act for Fiscal Year 2005 (50 U.S.C. 2569) 
is— 
(1) transferred to title XLIII of the Atomic 
Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2565 et seq.); 
(2) redesignated as section 4306B; 
(3) inserted after section 4306A; and 
(4) amended, in subsection (f)(6), by strik-
ing ‘‘December 31, 2023’’ and inserting ‘‘De-
cember 31, 2028’’. 
(b) CLERICAL
AMENDMENT.—The table of 
contents for the Atomic Energy Defense Act 
is amended by inserting after the item relat-
ing to section 4306A the following new item: 
‘‘Sec. 4306B. Acceleration of removal or se-
curity of fissile materials, radi-
ological materials, and related 
equipment at vulnerable sites 
worldwide.’’. 
SEC. 3154. UPDATES TO INFRASTRUCTURE MOD-
ERNIZATION INITIATIVE. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Section 3111(b) of the Na-
tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal 
Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91; 50 U.S.C. 2402 
note) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (2)(A)(i)(II), by striking 
‘‘$50,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$75,000,000’’; 
(2) in paragraph (3)— 
(A) in the paragraph heading, by striking 
‘‘INITIAL
PLAN’’ and inserting ‘‘PLAN
RE-
QUIRED’’; and 
(B) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A)— 
(i) by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2022’’; 
and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘initial’’; and 
(3) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘2024’’ and 
inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
(b) CERTIFICATION.—Not later than March 
1, 2023, and annually thereafter through 2025, 
the Administrator for Nuclear Security shall 
submit to the congressional defense commit-
tees a certification with respect to whether 
the updated plan required by paragraph (3) of 
section 3111(b) of the National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018, as 
amended by subsection (a), is being imple-
mented in a manner adequate to meet the 
goal set forth in paragraph (2) of that section 
of reducing the backlog of deferred mainte-
nance and repair needs of the nuclear secu-
rity enterprise by not less than 30 percent by 
2025. 
SEC. 3155. ACQUISITION OF HIGH-PERFORMANCE 
COMPUTING CAPABILITIES BY NA-
TIONAL NUCLEAR SECURITY ADMIN-
ISTRATION. 
(a) SENSE OF SENATE.—It is the sense of the 
Senate that— 
(1) the Advanced Simulation and Com-
puting Program of the National Nuclear Se-
curity Administration is an essential ele-
ment of the Stockpile Stewardship Program; 
and 
(2) developing the next generation of 
exascale high-performance computers to con-
duct performance assessments of nuclear 
weapons systems and next-generation weap-
ons design is in the national security inter-
ests of the United States. 
(b) ROADMAP FOR ACQUISITION.— 
(1) IN
GENERAL.—Not later than 2 years 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
the Administrator for Nuclear Security shall 
submit to the congressional defense commit-
tees a roadmap for the acquisition by the Ad-
ministration of high-performance computing 
capabilities during the 10-year period fol-
lowing submission of the roadmap. 
(2) ELEMENTS.—The roadmap required by 
paragraph (1) shall include the following: 
(A) A description of the high-performance 
computing capabilities required to support 
the mission of the Administration as of the 
date on which the roadmap is submitted 
under paragraph (1). 
(B) An identification of any existing or an-
ticipated gaps in such capabilities. 
(C) A description of the high-performance 
computing capabilities anticipated to be re-
quired by the Administration during the 10- 
year period following submission of the road-
map, including computational performance 
and other requirements, as appropriate. 
(D) A description of the strategy of the Ad-
ministration for acquiring such capabilities. 
(E) An assessment of the ability of the in-
dustrial base to support that strategy. 
(F) Such other matters the Administrator 
considers appropriate. 
(3) CONSULTATION AND CONSIDERATIONS.—In 
developing the roadmap required by para-
graph (1), the Administrator shall— 
(A) consult with the Secretary of Energy; 
and 
(B) take into consideration the findings of 
the review of the future of computing beyond 
exascale computing conducted by the Na-
tional Academy of Sciences under section 
3172 of the William M. (Mac) Thornberry Na-
tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal 
Year 2021 (Public Law 116–283). 
(c) INDEPENDENT ASSESSMENT OF HIGH-PER-
FORMANCE COMPUTING ACQUISITIONS.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—The Administrator shall 
enter into an arrangement with a federally 
funded research and development center to 
assess the first acquisition of high-perform-
ance computing capabilities by the Adminis-
tration after the date of the enactment of 
this Act. 
(2) ELEMENTS.—The assessment required by 
paragraph (1) of the acquisition of high-per-
formance computing capabilities described 
in that paragraph shall include an assess-
ment of the following: 
(A) The mission needs of the Administra-
tion met by the acquisition. 
(B) The evidence used to support the acqui-
sition decision, such as an analysis of alter-
natives or business case analyses. 
(C) Market research performed by the Ad-
vanced Simulation and Computing Program 
related to the acquisition. 
(3) REPORT REQUIRED.— 
(A) IN
GENERAL.—Not later than 90 days 
after entering into the arrangement under 
paragraph (1), the Administrator shall sub-
mit to the congressional defense committees 
a report on the assessment conducted under 
paragraph (1). 
(B) FORM OF REPORT.—The report required 
by subparagraph (A) shall be submitted in 
unclassified form but may include a classi-
fied annex. 
SEC. 3156. LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR 
NAVAL 
NUCLEAR 
FUEL 
SYSTEMS 
BASED 
ON 
LOW-ENRICHED 
URA-
NIUM. 
(a) LIMITATION.—Of the funds authorized to 
be appropriated by this Act for fiscal year 
2022 for the National Nuclear Security Ad-
ministration for research and development 
of an advanced naval nuclear fuel system 
based on low-enriched uranium, not more 
than 50 percent may be obligated or ex-
pended until the following determinations 
are submitted to the congressional defense 
committees: 
(1) A determination made jointly by the 
Secretary of Energy and the Secretary of De-
fense with respect to whether the determina-
tion made jointly by the Secretary of Energy 
and the Secretary of the Navy pursuant to 
section 3118(c)(1) of the National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public 
Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1196) and submitted to 
the congressional defense committees on 
March 25, 2018, that the United States should 
not pursue research and development of an 
advanced naval nuclear fuel system based on 
low-enriched uranium, remains valid. 
(2) A determination by the Secretary of the 
Navy with respect to whether an advanced 
naval nuclear fuel system based on low-en-
riched uranium can be produced that would 
not reduce vessel capability, increase ex-
pense, or reduce operational availability as a 
result of refueling requirements. 
(b) REPORT REQUIRED.—Not later than 60 
days after the date of the enactment of this 
Act, the Administrator for Nuclear Security 
shall submit to the congressional defense 
committees a report on activities conducted 
using amounts made available for fiscal year 
2021 for development of nonproliferation 
fuels, including a description of any progress 
made toward technological or nonprolifera-
tion goals as a result of such activities. 
TITLE XXXII—DEFENSE NUCLEAR 
FACILITIES SAFETY BOARD 
SEC. 3201. AUTHORIZATION. 
There are authorized to be appropriated for 
fiscal year 2022, $31,000,000 for the operation 
of the Defense Nuclear Facilities Safety 
Board under chapter 21 of the Atomic Energy 
Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2286 et seq.). 
SEC. 3202. REFERENCES TO CHAIRPERSON AND 
VICE CHAIRPERSON OF DEFENSE 
NUCLEAR 
FACILITIES 
SAFETY 
BOARD. 
Chapter 21 of the Atomic Energy Act of 
1954 (42 U.S.C. 2286 et seq.) is amended— 
(1) in section 311(c), in the subsection head-
ing, by striking ‘‘CHAIRMAN, VICE CHAIRMAN’’ 
and inserting ‘‘CHAIRPERSON, VICE
CHAIR-
PERSON’’; and 
(2) by striking ‘‘Chairman’’ each place it 
appears and inserting ‘‘Chairperson’’. 
TITLE XXXV—MARITIME ADMINISTRATION 
SEC. 3501. MARITIME ADMINISTRATION. 
Section 109 of title 49, United States Code, 
is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘§ 109. Maritime Administration 
‘‘(a) ORGANIZATION AND MISSION.—The Mar-
itime Administration is an administration in 
the Department of Transportation. The mis-
sion of the Maritime Administration is to 
foster, promote, and develop the merchant 
maritime industry of the United States. 
‘‘(b) MARITIME ADMINISTRATOR.—The head 
of the Maritime Administration is the Mari-
time Administrator, who is appointed by the 
President by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate. The Administrator shall 
report directly to the Secretary of Transpor-
tation and carry out the duties prescribed by 
the Secretary. 
‘‘(c) DEPUTY MARITIME ADMINISTRATOR.— 
The Maritime Administration shall have a 
Deputy Maritime Administrator, who is ap-
pointed in the competitive service by the 
Secretary, after consultation with the Ad-
ministrator. The Deputy Administrator shall 
carry out the duties prescribed by the Ad-
ministrator. The Deputy Administrator shall 
be Acting Administrator during the absence 
or disability of the Administrator and, un-
less the Secretary designates another indi-
vidual, during a vacancy in the office of Ad-
ministrator. 
‘‘(d) DUTIES AND POWERS VESTED IN SEC-
RETARY.—All duties and powers of the Mari-
time Administration are vested in the Sec-
retary. 
‘‘(e) REGIONAL OFFICES.—The Maritime Ad-
ministration shall have regional offices for 
the Atlantic, Gulf, Great Lakes, and Pacific 
port ranges, and may have other regional of-
fices as necessary. The Secretary shall ap-
point a qualified individual as Director of 
each regional office. The Secretary shall 
carry out appropriate activities and pro-
grams 
of 
the 
Maritime 
Administration 
through the regional offices. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00108
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 119-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8651 
November 19, 2021 
‘‘(f) INTERAGENCY
AND
INDUSTRY
RELA-
TIONS.—The Secretary shall establish and 
maintain liaison with other agencies, and 
with 
representative 
trade 
organizations 
throughout the United States, concerned 
with the transportation of commodities by 
water in the export and import foreign com-
merce of the United States, for the purpose 
of securing preference to vessels of the 
United States for the transportation of those 
commodities. 
‘‘(g) DETAILING
OFFICERS
FROM
ARMED 
FORCES.—To assist the Secretary in carrying 
out duties and powers relating to the Mari-
time Administration, not more than five of-
ficers of the Armed Forces may be detailed 
to the Secretary at any one time, in addition 
to details authorized by any other law. Dur-
ing the period of a detail, the Secretary shall 
pay the officer an amount that, when added 
to the officer’s pay and allowances as an offi-
cer in the Armed Forces, makes the officer’s 
total pay and allowances equal to the 
amount that would be paid to an individual 
performing work the Secretary considers to 
be of similar importance, difficulty, and re-
sponsibility as that performed by the officer 
during the detail. 
‘‘(h) 
CONTRACTS, 
COOPERATIVE
AGREE-
MENTS, AND AUDITS.— 
‘‘(1) CONTRACTS
AND
COOPERATIVE
AGREE-
MENTS.—In the same manner that a private 
corporation may make a contract within the 
scope of its authority under its charter, the 
Secretary may make contracts and coopera-
tive agreements for the United States Gov-
ernment and disburse amounts to— 
‘‘(A) carry out the Secretary’s duties and 
powers under this section, subtitle V of title 
46, and all other Maritime Administration 
programs; and 
‘‘(B) protect, preserve, and improve collat-
eral held by the Secretary to secure indebt-
edness. 
‘‘(2) AUDITS.—The financial transactions of 
the Secretary under paragraph (1) shall be 
audited by the Comptroller General. The 
Comptroller General shall allow credit for an 
expenditure shown to be necessary because 
of the nature of the business activities au-
thorized by this section or subtitle V of title 
46. At least once a year, the Comptroller 
General shall report to Congress any depar-
ture by the Secretary from this section or 
subtitle V of title 46. 
‘‘(i) GRANT
ADMINISTRATIVE
EXPENSES.— 
Except as otherwise provided by law, the ad-
ministrative and related expenses for the ad-
ministration of any grant programs by the 
Maritime Administrator may not exceed 3 
percent. 
‘‘(j) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS.— 
‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—Except as otherwise pro-
vided in this subsection, there are authorized 
to be appropriated such amounts as may be 
necessary to carry out the duties and powers 
of the Secretary relating to the Maritime 
Administration. 
‘‘(2) LIMITATIONS.—Only those amounts 
specifically authorized by law may be appro-
priated for the use of the Maritime Adminis-
tration for— 
‘‘(A) acquisition, construction, or recon-
struction of vessels; 
‘‘(B) construction-differential subsidies in-
cident to the construction, reconstruction, 
or reconditioning of vessels; 
‘‘(C) costs of national defense features; 
‘‘(D) payments of obligations incurred for 
operating-differential subsidies; 
‘‘(E) expenses necessary for research and 
development activities, including reimburse-
ment of the Vessel Operations Revolving 
Fund for losses resulting from expenses of 
experimental vessel operations; 
‘‘(F) 
the 
Vessel 
Operations 
Revolving 
Fund; 
‘‘(G) National Defense Reserve Fleet ex-
penses; 
‘‘(H) expenses necessary to carry out part 
B of subtitle V of title 46; and 
‘‘(I) other operations and training expenses 
related to the development of waterborne 
transportation systems, the use of water-
borne transportation systems, and general 
administration.’’. 
DIVISION D—FUNDING TABLES 
SEC. 4001. AUTHORIZATION OF AMOUNTS IN 
FUNDING TABLES. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Whenever a funding table 
in this division specifies a dollar amount au-
thorized for a project, program, or activity, 
the obligation and expenditure of the speci-
fied dollar amount for the project, program, 
or activity is hereby authorized, subject to 
the availability of appropriations. 
(b) MERIT-BASED DECISIONS.—A decision to 
commit, obligate, or expend funds with or to 
a specific entity on the basis of a dollar 
amount authorized pursuant to subsection 
(a) shall— 
(1) be based on merit-based selection proce-
dures in accordance with the requirements of 
sections 2304(k) and 2374 of title 10, United 
States Code, or on competitive procedures; 
and 
(2) comply with other applicable provisions 
of law. 
(c) RELATIONSHIP
TO TRANSFER
AND PRO-
GRAMMING AUTHORITY.—An amount specified 
in the funding tables in this division may be 
transferred or reprogrammed under a trans-
fer or reprogramming authority provided by 
another provision of this Act or by other 
law. The transfer or reprogramming of an 
amount specified in such funding tables shall 
not count against a ceiling on such transfers 
or reprogrammings under section 1001 or sec-
tion 1522 of this Act or any other provision of 
law, unless such transfer or reprogramming 
would move funds between appropriation ac-
counts. 
(d) APPLICABILITY TO CLASSIFIED ANNEX.— 
This section applies to any classified annex 
that accompanies this Act. 
(e) ORAL
WRITTEN
COMMUNICATIONS.—No 
oral or written communication concerning 
any amount specified in the funding tables in 
this division shall supersede the require-
ments of this section. 
TITLE XLI—PROCUREMENT 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT. 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line 
Item 
FY 2022 
Request 
Senate 
Authorized 
AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, ARMY 
FIXED WING 
3 
FUTURE UAS FAMILY ...............................................................................................................................
0 
73,000 
Army UFR--Replace Shadow UAS in 8 BCTs ...............................................................................................
[73,000] 
4 
SMALL UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEM ................................................................................................
16,005 
16,005 
ROTARY 
7 
AH–64 APACHE BLOCK IIIA REMAN ..........................................................................................................
504,136 
504,136 
8 
AH–64 APACHE BLOCK IIIA REMAN ..........................................................................................................
192,230 
192,230 
10 
UH–60 BLACKHAWK M MODEL (MYP) .......................................................................................................
630,263 
630,263 
11 
UH–60 BLACKHAWK M MODEL (MYP) .......................................................................................................
146,068 
146,068 
12 
UH–60 BLACK HAWK L AND V MODELS ....................................................................................................
166,205 
166,205 
13 
CH–47 HELICOPTER ....................................................................................................................................
145,218 
397,218 
Army UFR—Support minimum sustainment rate .......................................................................................
[252,000] 
14 
CH–47 HELICOPTER ....................................................................................................................................
18,559 
18,559 
MODIFICATION OF AIRCRAFT 
17 
GRAY EAGLE MODS2 .................................................................................................................................
3,143 
3,143 
18 
MULTI SENSOR ABN RECON .....................................................................................................................
127,665 
127,665 
19 
AH–64 MODS ................................................................................................................................................
118,560 
118,560 
20 
CH–47 CARGO HELICOPTER MODS (MYP) .................................................................................................
9,918 
12,918 
CH–47 cargo aircraft modifications ..............................................................................................................
[3,000] 
21 
GRCS SEMA MODS .....................................................................................................................................
2,762 
2,762 
22 
ARL SEMA MODS .......................................................................................................................................
9,437 
9,437 
23 
EMARSS SEMA MODS ................................................................................................................................
1,568 
1,568 
24 
UTILITY/CARGO AIRPLANE MODS ...........................................................................................................
8,530 
8,530 
25 
UTILITY HELICOPTER MODS ...................................................................................................................
15,826 
15,826 
26 
NETWORK AND MISSION PLAN ................................................................................................................
29,206 
29,206 
27 
COMMS, NAV SURVEILLANCE ..................................................................................................................
58,117 
58,117 
29 
AVIATION ASSURED PNT .........................................................................................................................
47,028 
47,028 
30 
GATM ROLLUP ...........................................................................................................................................
16,776 
16,776 
32 
UAS MODS ..................................................................................................................................................
3,840 
3,840 
GROUND SUPPORT AVIONICS 
33 
AIRCRAFT SURVIVABILITY EQUIPMENT ...............................................................................................
64,561 
64,561 
34 
SURVIVABILITY CM ..................................................................................................................................
5,104 
5,104 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00109
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 120-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8652 
November 19, 2021 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line 
Item 
FY 2022 
Request 
Senate 
Authorized 
35 
CMWS ..........................................................................................................................................................
148,570 
148,570 
36 
COMMON INFRARED COUNTERMEASURES (CIRCM) ..............................................................................
240,412 
240,412 
OTHER SUPPORT 
38 
COMMON GROUND EQUIPMENT ...............................................................................................................
13,561 
13,561 
39 
AIRCREW INTEGRATED SYSTEMS ..........................................................................................................
41,425 
41,425 
40 
AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL ............................................................................................................................
21,759 
21,759 
TOTAL AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, ARMY ................................................................................................
2,806,452 
3,134,452 
MISSILE PROCUREMENT, ARMY 
SURFACE-TO-AIR MISSILE SYSTEM 
2 
LOWER TIER AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE (AMD) SEN ..........................................................................
35,473 
35,473 
3 
M-SHORAD—PROCUREMENT ....................................................................................................................
331,575 
331,575 
4 
MSE MISSILE .............................................................................................................................................
776,696 
776,696 
5 
PRECISION STRIKE MISSILE (PRSM) ......................................................................................................
166,130 
166,130 
6 
INDIRECT FIRE PROTECTION CAPABILITY INC 2–I ...............................................................................
25,253 
25,253 
AIR-TO-SURFACE MISSILE SYSTEM 
7 
HELLFIRE SYS SUMMARY ........................................................................................................................
118,800 
118,800 
8 
JOINT AIR-TO-GROUND MSLS (JAGM) .....................................................................................................
152,177 
219,177 
Army UFR—Additional JAGM procurement ...............................................................................................
[67,000] 
9 
LONG RANGE PRECISION MUNITION .......................................................................................................
44,744 
44,744 
ANTI-TANK/ASSAULT MISSILE SYS 
10 
JAVELIN (AAWS-M) SYSTEM SUMMARY .................................................................................................
120,842 
135,842 
Army UFR—Light Weight Command Launch Units ....................................................................................
[15,000] 
11 
TOW 2 SYSTEM SUMMARY ........................................................................................................................
104,412 
104,412 
12 
GUIDED MLRS ROCKET (GMLRS) .............................................................................................................
935,917 
985,917 
Army UFR—Restores GMLRS procurement ................................................................................................
[50,000] 
13 
MLRS REDUCED RANGE PRACTICE ROCKETS (RRPR) ..........................................................................
29,574 
29,574 
14 
HIGH MOBILITY ARTILLERY ROCKET SYSTEM (HIMARS ....................................................................
128,438 
128,438 
16 
LETHAL MINIATURE AERIAL MISSILE SYSTEM (LMAMS ....................................................................
68,278 
68,278 
MODIFICATIONS 
17 
PATRIOT MODS ..........................................................................................................................................
205,469 
205,469 
21 
AVENGER MODS ........................................................................................................................................
11,227 
11,227 
22 
ITAS/TOW MODS .........................................................................................................................................
4,561 
4,561 
23 
MLRS MODS ................................................................................................................................................
273,856 
273,856 
24 
HIMARS MODIFICATIONS .........................................................................................................................
7,192 
7,192 
SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 
25 
SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS ...................................................................................................................
5,019 
5,019 
SUPPORT EQUIPMENT & FACILITIES 
26 
AIR DEFENSE TARGETS ...........................................................................................................................
10,618 
10,618 
TOTAL MISSILE PROCUREMENT, ARMY ...................................................................................................
3,556,251 
3,688,251 
PROCUREMENT OF W&TCV, ARMY 
TRACKED COMBAT VEHICLES 
1 
ARMORED MULTI PURPOSE VEHICLE (AMPV) .......................................................................................
104,727 
104,727 
2 
ASSAULT BREACHER VEHICLE (ABV) .....................................................................................................
16,454 
16,454 
3 
MOBILE PROTECTED FIREPOWER ...........................................................................................................
286,977 
286,977 
MODIFICATION OF TRACKED COMBAT VEHICLES 
5 
STRYKER UPGRADE ..................................................................................................................................
1,005,028 
1,005,028 
6 
BRADLEY PROGRAM (MOD) ......................................................................................................................
461,385 
518,354 
Army UFR—Improved Bradley Acquisition System upgrade ......................................................................
[56,969] 
7 
M109 FOV MODIFICATIONS ........................................................................................................................
2,534 
2,534 
8 
PALADIN INTEGRATED MANAGEMENT (PIM) ........................................................................................
446,430 
645,930 
Army UFR—PIM increase ............................................................................................................................
[199,500] 
9 
IMPROVED RECOVERY VEHICLE (M88A2 HERCULES) ............................................................................
52,059 
52,059 
10 
ASSAULT BRIDGE (MOD) ..........................................................................................................................
2,136 
2,136 
13 
JOINT ASSAULT BRIDGE ..........................................................................................................................
110,773 
110,773 
15 
ABRAMS UPGRADE PROGRAM .................................................................................................................
981,337 
1,350,337 
Army UFR—Abrams ARNG M1A2SEPv3 fielding ........................................................................................
[369,000] 
16 
VEHICLE PROTECTION SYSTEMS (VPS) .................................................................................................
80,286 
80,286 
WEAPONS & OTHER COMBAT VEHICLES 
18 
MULTI-ROLE ANTI-ARMOR ANTI-PERSONNEL WEAPON S ...................................................................
31,623 
31,623 
19 
MORTAR SYSTEMS ....................................................................................................................................
37,485 
50,338 
Army UFR—120mm mortar cannon .............................................................................................................
[12,853] 
20 
XM320 GRENADE LAUNCHER MODULE (GLM) .........................................................................................
8,666 
8,666 
21 
PRECISION SNIPER RIFLE ........................................................................................................................
11,040 
11,040 
23 
CARBINE .....................................................................................................................................................
4,434 
4,434 
24 
NEXT GENERATION SQUAD WEAPON ......................................................................................................
97,087 
97,087 
26 
HANDGUN ...................................................................................................................................................
4,930 
4,930 
MOD OF WEAPONS AND OTHER COMBAT VEH 
27 
MK–19 GRENADE MACHINE GUN MODS ....................................................................................................
13,027 
13,027 
28 
M777 MODS ..................................................................................................................................................
21,976 
23,771 
Army UFR—Software Defined Radio-Hardware Integration Kits ...............................................................
[1,795] 
30 
M2 50 CAL MACHINE GUN MODS ...............................................................................................................
3,612 
21,527 
Army UFR—Additional M2A1s for MATVs ..................................................................................................
[17,915] 
SUPPORT EQUIPMENT & FACILITIES 
36 
ITEMS LESS THAN $5.0M (WOCV-WTCV) ..................................................................................................
1,068 
1,068 
37 
PRODUCTION BASE SUPPORT (WOCV-WTCV) .........................................................................................
90,819 
90,819 
TOTAL PROCUREMENT OF W&TCV, ARMY ...............................................................................................
3,875,893 
4,533,925 
PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, ARMY 
SMALL/MEDIUM CAL AMMUNITION 
1 
CTG, 5.56MM, ALL TYPES ..........................................................................................................................
47,490 
79,890 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00110
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 121-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8653 
November 19, 2021 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line 
Item 
FY 2022 
Request 
Senate 
Authorized 
Army UFR—Enhanced Performance Round and Tracer ..............................................................................
[32,400] 
2 
CTG, 7.62MM, ALL TYPES ..........................................................................................................................
74,870 
74,870 
3 
NEXT GENERATION SQUAD WEAPON AMMUNITION .............................................................................
76,794 
76,794 
4 
CTG, HANDGUN, ALL TYPES ....................................................................................................................
7,812 
7,812 
5 
CTG, .50 CAL, ALL TYPES ..........................................................................................................................
29,716 
29,716 
6 
CTG, 20MM, ALL TYPES .............................................................................................................................
4,371 
4,371 
8 
CTG, 30MM, ALL TYPES .............................................................................................................................
34,511 
34,511 
9 
CTG, 40MM, ALL TYPES .............................................................................................................................
35,231 
49,231 
Army UFR—MK19 training and war reserves ..............................................................................................
[14,000] 
MORTAR AMMUNITION 
10 
60MM MORTAR, ALL TYPES ......................................................................................................................
23,219 
23,219 
11 
81MM MORTAR, ALL TYPES ......................................................................................................................
52,135 
52,135 
12 
120MM MORTAR, ALL TYPES ....................................................................................................................
104,144 
104,144 
TANK AMMUNITION 
13 
CARTRIDGES, TANK, 105MM AND 120MM, ALL TYPES ...........................................................................
224,503 
323,821 
Army UFR—Tank main gun ammo .............................................................................................................
[99,318] 
ARTILLERY AMMUNITION 
14 
ARTILLERY CARTRIDGES, 75MM & 105MM, ALL TYPES ........................................................................
26,709 
26,709 
15 
ARTILLERY PROJECTILE, 155MM, ALL TYPES ......................................................................................
174,015 
204,859 
Army UFR—Additional inventory ...............................................................................................................
[30,844] 
16 
PROJ 155MM EXTENDED RANGE M982 ......................................................................................................
73,498 
73,498 
17 
ARTILLERY PROPELLANTS, FUZES AND PRIMERS, ALL ....................................................................
150,873 
150,873 
MINES 
18 
MINES & CLEARING CHARGES, ALL TYPES ...........................................................................................
25,980 
25,980 
19 
CLOSE TERRAIN SHAPING OBSTACLE ....................................................................................................
34,761 
34,761 
ROCKETS 
20 
SHOULDER LAUNCHED MUNITIONS, ALL TYPES ..................................................................................
24,408 
24,408 
21 
ROCKET, HYDRA 70, ALL TYPES ..............................................................................................................
109,536 
109,536 
OTHER AMMUNITION 
22 
CAD/PAD, ALL TYPES ...............................................................................................................................
6,549 
6,549 
23 
DEMOLITION MUNITIONS, ALL TYPES ...................................................................................................
27,904 
27,904 
24 
GRENADES, ALL TYPES ...........................................................................................................................
37,437 
37,437 
25 
SIGNALS, ALL TYPES ...............................................................................................................................
7,530 
7,530 
26 
SIMULATORS, ALL TYPES ........................................................................................................................
8,350 
8,350 
27 
REACTIVE ARMOR TILES .........................................................................................................................
17,755 
17,755 
MISCELLANEOUS 
28 
AMMO COMPONENTS, ALL TYPES ...........................................................................................................
2,784 
2,784 
29 
ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION (AMMO) ..................................................................................................
17,797 
17,797 
30 
AMMUNITION PECULIAR EQUIPMENT ....................................................................................................
12,290 
12,290 
31 
FIRST DESTINATION TRANSPORTATION (AMMO) .................................................................................
4,331 
4,331 
32 
CLOSEOUT LIABILITIES ...........................................................................................................................
99 
99 
PRODUCTION BASE SUPPORT 
34 
INDUSTRIAL FACILITIES .........................................................................................................................
538,120 
642,620 
Army UFR—Demolition of Legacy Nitrate Esters (Nitroglycerin) NG1 Facility, Radford Army Ammuni-
tion Plant (RFAAP), Virginia.
[40,000] 
Army UFR—Environmental, Safety, Construction, Maintenance and Repair of GOCO Facilities in VA, 
TN, MO, PA, & IA.
[40,000] 
Army UFR—Pyrotechnics Energetic Capability (PEC) construction at Lake City Army Ammunition 
Plant (LCAAP), Missouri.
[12,000] 
Army UFR—Solvent Propellant Facility, Preliminary Design, Radford Army Ammunition Plant, Vir-
ginia.
[12,500] 
35 
CONVENTIONAL MUNITIONS DEMILITARIZATION ................................................................................
139,410 
139,410 
36 
ARMS INITIATIVE ......................................................................................................................................
3,178 
3,178 
TOTAL PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, ARMY ....................................................................................
2,158,110 
2,439,172 
OTHER PROCUREMENT, ARMY 
TACTICAL VEHICLES 
2 
SEMITRAILERS, FLATBED: ......................................................................................................................
12,539 
18,931 
Army UFR—M872 semitrailer ......................................................................................................................
[6,392] 
3 
SEMITRAILERS, TANKERS .......................................................................................................................
17,985 
17,985 
4 
HI MOB MULTI-PURP WHLD VEH (HMMWV) ...........................................................................................
60,706 
60,706 
5 
GROUND MOBILITY VEHICLES (GMV) .....................................................................................................
29,807 
34,807 
Infantry Squad Vehicle ................................................................................................................................
[5,000] 
8 
JOINT LIGHT TACTICAL VEHICLE FAMILY OF VEHICL ........................................................................
574,562 
694,562 
Army UFR—Additional JLTV fielding ........................................................................................................
[120,000] 
9 
TRUCK, DUMP, 20T (CCE) ...........................................................................................................................
9,882 
9,882 
10 
FAMILY OF MEDIUM TACTICAL VEH (FMTV) ........................................................................................
36,885 
36,885 
11 
FAMILY OF COLD WEATHER ALL-TERRAIN VEHICLE (C ......................................................................
16,450 
16,450 
12 
FIRETRUCKS & ASSOCIATED FIREFIGHTING EQUIP ............................................................................
26,256 
26,256 
13 
FAMILY OF HEAVY TACTICAL VEHICLES (FHTV) .................................................................................
64,282 
64,282 
14 
PLS ESP ......................................................................................................................................................
16,943 
16,943 
17 
TACTICAL WHEELED VEHICLE PROTECTION KITS ...............................................................................
17,957 
17,957 
18 
MODIFICATION OF IN SVC EQUIP ............................................................................................................
29,349 
29,349 
NON-TACTICAL VEHICLES 
20 
PASSENGER CARRYING VEHICLES .........................................................................................................
1,232 
1,232 
21 
NONTACTICAL VEHICLES, OTHER ...........................................................................................................
24,246 
24,246 
COMM—JOINT COMMUNICATIONS 
22 
SIGNAL MODERNIZATION PROGRAM ......................................................................................................
140,036 
142,536 
Army UFR—Multi-Domain Task Force All-Domain Operations Center cloud pilot ...................................
[2,500] 
23 
TACTICAL NETWORK TECHNOLOGY MOD IN SVC ..................................................................................
436,524 
436,524 
25 
DISASTER INCIDENT RESPONSE COMMS TERMINAL (DI .....................................................................
3,863 
3,863 
26 
JCSE EQUIPMENT (USRDECOM) ...............................................................................................................
4,845 
4,845 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00111
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 122-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8654 
November 19, 2021 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line 
Item 
FY 2022 
Request 
Senate 
Authorized 
COMM—SATELLITE COMMUNICATIONS 
29 
DEFENSE ENTERPRISE WIDEBAND SATCOM SYSTEMS .......................................................................
97,369 
97,369 
30 
TRANSPORTABLE TACTICAL COMMAND COMMUNICATIONS ..............................................................
120,550 
120,550 
31 
SHF TERM ..................................................................................................................................................
38,129 
38,129 
32 
ASSURED POSITIONING, NAVIGATION AND TIMING .............................................................................
115,291 
115,291 
33 
SMART-T (SPACE) ......................................................................................................................................
15,407 
15,407 
34 
GLOBAL BRDCST SVC—GBS .....................................................................................................................
2,763 
2,763 
COMM—C3 SYSTEM 
37 
COE TACTICAL SERVER INFRASTRUCTURE (TSI) .................................................................................
99,858 
99,858 
COMM—COMBAT COMMUNICATIONS 
38 
HANDHELD MANPACK SMALL FORM FIT (HMS) ....................................................................................
775,069 
775,069 
40 
ARMY LINK 16 SYSTEMS ...........................................................................................................................
17,749 
17,749 
42 
UNIFIED COMMAND SUITE .......................................................................................................................
17,984 
17,984 
43 
COTS COMMUNICATIONS EQUIPMENT ....................................................................................................
191,702 
191,702 
44 
FAMILY OF MED COMM FOR COMBAT CASUALTY CARE ......................................................................
15,957 
15,957 
45 
ARMY COMMUNICATIONS & ELECTRONICS ............................................................................................
89,441 
89,441 
COMM—INTELLIGENCE COMM 
47 
CI AUTOMATION ARCHITECTURE-INTEL ................................................................................................
13,317 
13,317 
48 
DEFENSE MILITARY DECEPTION INITIATIVE .......................................................................................
5,207 
5,207 
49 
MULTI-DOMAIN INTELLIGENCE ..............................................................................................................
20,095 
20,095 
INFORMATION SECURITY 
51 
INFORMATION SYSTEM SECURITY PROGRAM-ISSP .............................................................................
987 
987 
52 
COMMUNICATIONS SECURITY (COMSEC) ................................................................................................
126,273 
126,273 
53 
DEFENSIVE CYBER OPERATIONS ............................................................................................................
27,389 
31,489 
Army UFR—Cybersecurity / IT Network Mapping ......................................................................................
[4,100] 
56 
SIO CAPABILITY ........................................................................................................................................
21,303 
21,303 
57 
BIOMETRIC ENABLING CAPABILITY (BEC) .............................................................................................
914 
914 
COMM—LONG HAUL COMMUNICATIONS 
59 
BASE SUPPORT COMMUNICATIONS ........................................................................................................
9,209 
9,209 
COMM—BASE COMMUNICATIONS 
60 
INFORMATION SYSTEMS ..........................................................................................................................
219,026 
219,026 
61 
EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT MODERNIZATION PROGRAM ..................................................................
4,875 
4,875 
64 
INSTALLATION INFO INFRASTRUCTURE MOD PROGRAM ...................................................................
223,001 
225,041 
EUCOM UFR—Mission Partner Environment .............................................................................................
[2,040] 
ELECT EQUIP—TACT INT REL ACT (TIARA) 
67 
JTT/CIBS-M .................................................................................................................................................
5,463 
5,463 
68 
TERRESTRIAL LAYER SYSTEMS (TLS) ..................................................................................................
39,240 
39,240 
70 
DCGS-A-INTEL ............................................................................................................................................
92,613 
119,563 
Army UFR—Additional fixed node cloud servers ........................................................................................
[26,950] 
71 
JOINT TACTICAL GROUND STATION (JTAGS)-INTEL ............................................................................
8,088 
8,088 
72 
TROJAN .......................................................................................................................................................
30,828 
30,828 
73 
MOD OF IN-SVC EQUIP (INTEL SPT) ........................................................................................................
39,039 
39,039 
74 
BIOMETRIC TACTICAL COLLECTION DEVICES ......................................................................................
11,097 
11,097 
ELECT EQUIP—ELECTRONIC WARFARE (EW) 
76 
EW PLANNING & MANAGEMENT TOOLS (EWPMT) .................................................................................
783 
783 
77 
AIR VIGILANCE (AV) .................................................................................................................................
13,486 
13,486 
79 
FAMILY OF PERSISTENT SURVEILLANCE CAP. ....................................................................................
14,414 
14,414 
80 
COUNTERINTELLIGENCE/SECURITY COUNTERMEASURES .................................................................
19,111 
19,111 
81 
CI MODERNIZATION ..................................................................................................................................
421 
421 
ELECT EQUIP—TACTICAL SURV. (TAC SURV) 
82 
SENTINEL MODS ........................................................................................................................................
47,642 
47,642 
83 
NIGHT VISION DEVICES ............................................................................................................................
1,092,341 
822,575 
Program reduction—IVAS early to need .....................................................................................................
[–269,766] 
84 
SMALL TACTICAL OPTICAL RIFLE MOUNTED MLRF ...........................................................................
21,103 
21,103 
85 
INDIRECT FIRE PROTECTION FAMILY OF SYSTEMS ............................................................................
6,153 
6,153 
86 
FAMILY OF WEAPON SIGHTS (FWS) ........................................................................................................
184,145 
184,145 
87 
ENHANCED PORTABLE INDUCTIVE ARTILLERY FUZE SE ...................................................................
2,371 
2,371 
88 
FORWARD LOOKING INFRARED (IFLIR) .................................................................................................
11,929 
11,929 
89 
COUNTER SMALL UNMANNED AERIAL SYSTEM (C-SUAS) ...................................................................
60,058 
60,058 
90 
JOINT BATTLE COMMAND—PLATFORM (JBC-P) ....................................................................................
263,661 
263,661 
91 
JOINT EFFECTS TARGETING SYSTEM (JETS) .......................................................................................
62,082 
62,082 
93 
COMPUTER BALLISTICS: LHMBC XM32 ...................................................................................................
2,811 
2,811 
94 
MORTAR FIRE CONTROL SYSTEM ...........................................................................................................
17,236 
17,236 
95 
MORTAR FIRE CONTROL SYSTEMS MODIFICATIONS ...........................................................................
2,830 
2,830 
96 
COUNTERFIRE RADARS ............................................................................................................................
31,694 
31,694 
ELECT EQUIP—TACTICAL C2 SYSTEMS 
97 
ARMY COMMAND POST INTEGRATED INFRASTRUCTURE ( .................................................................
49,410 
49,410 
98 
FIRE SUPPORT C2 FAMILY .......................................................................................................................
9,853 
9,853 
99 
AIR & MSL DEFENSE PLANNING & CONTROL SYS ................................................................................
67,193 
67,193 
100 
IAMD BATTLE COMMAND SYSTEM .........................................................................................................
301,872 
301,872 
101 
LIFE CYCLE SOFTWARE SUPPORT (LCSS) .............................................................................................
5,182 
5,182 
102 
NETWORK MANAGEMENT INITIALIZATION AND SERVICE ..................................................................
31,349 
31,349 
104 
GLOBAL COMBAT SUPPORT SYSTEM-ARMY (GCSS-A) ..........................................................................
11,271 
11,271 
105 
INTEGRATED PERSONNEL AND PAY SYSTEM-ARMY (IPP ...................................................................
16,077 
16,077 
107 
MOD OF IN-SVC EQUIPMENT (ENFIRE) ...................................................................................................
3,160 
3,160 
ELECT EQUIP—AUTOMATION 
108 
ARMY TRAINING MODERNIZATION .........................................................................................................
9,833 
9,833 
109 
AUTOMATED DATA PROCESSING EQUIP ................................................................................................
130,924 
133,924 
Army UFR—ATRRS unlimited data rights .................................................................................................
[3,000] 
110 
ACCESSIONS INFORMATION ENVIRONMENT (AIE) ................................................................................
44,635 
44,635 
111 
GENERAL FUND ENTERPRISE BUSINESS SYSTEMS FAM ....................................................................
1,452 
1,452 
112 
HIGH PERF COMPUTING MOD PGM (HPCMP) ..........................................................................................
69,943 
69,943 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00112
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 123-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8655 
November 19, 2021 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line 
Item 
FY 2022 
Request 
Senate 
Authorized 
113 
CONTRACT WRITING SYSTEM ..................................................................................................................
16,957 
16,957 
114 
CSS COMMUNICATIONS .............................................................................................................................
73,110 
73,110 
115 
RESERVE COMPONENT AUTOMATION SYS (RCAS) ................................................................................
12,905 
12,905 
ELECT EQUIP—SUPPORT 
117 
BCT EMERGING TECHNOLOGIES .............................................................................................................
13,835 
13,835 
CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 
9999 
CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ...........................................................................................................................
18,304 
18,304 
CHEMICAL DEFENSIVE EQUIPMENT 
119 
BASE DEFENSE SYSTEMS (BDS) ..............................................................................................................
62,295 
62,295 
120 
CBRN DEFENSE ..........................................................................................................................................
55,632 
66,932 
CNGB UFR—Man portable radiological detection system ..........................................................................
[11,300] 
BRIDGING EQUIPMENT 
122 
TACTICAL BRIDGING ................................................................................................................................
9,625 
9,625 
123 
TACTICAL BRIDGE, FLOAT-RIBBON ........................................................................................................
76,082 
76,082 
124 
BRIDGE SUPPLEMENTAL SET .................................................................................................................
19,867 
19,867 
125 
COMMON BRIDGE TRANSPORTER (CBT) RECAP ....................................................................................
109,796 
109,796 
ENGINEER (NON-CONSTRUCTION) EQUIPMENT 
126 
HANDHELD STANDOFF MINEFIELD DETECTION SYS-HST ..................................................................
5,628 
5,628 
128 
HUSKY MOUNTED DETECTION SYSTEM (HMDS) ...................................................................................
26,823 
75,159 
Army UFR—Additional HMDS ....................................................................................................................
[48,336] 
131 
ROBOTICS AND APPLIQUE SYSTEMS ......................................................................................................
124,233 
134,237 
Army UFR—Common Robotic System-Individual (CRS-I) ..........................................................................
[10,004] 
132 
RENDER SAFE SETS KITS OUTFITS ........................................................................................................
84,000 
87,158 
Army UFR—Additional render safe equipment ...........................................................................................
[3,158] 
COMBAT SERVICE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
134 
HEATERS AND ECU’S ................................................................................................................................
7,116 
7,116 
135 
SOLDIER ENHANCEMENT .........................................................................................................................
1,286 
1,286 
136 
PERSONNEL RECOVERY SUPPORT SYSTEM (PRSS) .............................................................................
9,741 
9,741 
137 
GROUND SOLDIER SYSTEM ......................................................................................................................
150,244 
150,244 
138 
MOBILE SOLDIER POWER .........................................................................................................................
17,815 
17,815 
139 
FORCE PROVIDER ......................................................................................................................................
28,860 
28,860 
140 
FIELD FEEDING EQUIPMENT ...................................................................................................................
2,321 
2,321 
141 
CARGO AERIAL DEL & PERSONNEL PARACHUTE SYSTEM ..................................................................
40,240 
40,240 
142 
FAMILY OF ENGR COMBAT AND CONSTRUCTION SETS .......................................................................
36,163 
36,163 
PETROLEUM EQUIPMENT 
144 
QUALITY SURVEILLANCE EQUIPMENT ..................................................................................................
744 
744 
145 
DISTRIBUTION SYSTEMS, PETROLEUM & WATER ................................................................................
72,296 
76,716 
Army UFR—Modular Fuel System (MFS) ...................................................................................................
[4,420] 
MEDICAL EQUIPMENT 
146 
COMBAT SUPPORT MEDICAL ...................................................................................................................
122,145 
122,145 
MAINTENANCE EQUIPMENT 
147 
MOBILE MAINTENANCE EQUIPMENT SYSTEMS ....................................................................................
14,756 
14,756 
CONSTRUCTION EQUIPMENT 
154 
ALL TERRAIN CRANES .............................................................................................................................
112,784 
112,784 
156 
CONST EQUIP ESP .....................................................................................................................................
8,694 
8,694 
RAIL FLOAT CONTAINERIZATION EQUIPMENT 
158 
ARMY WATERCRAFT ESP .........................................................................................................................
44,409 
58,009 
Army UFR—Landing Craft Utility modernization ......................................................................................
[13,600] 
159 
MANEUVER SUPPORT VESSEL (MSV) .....................................................................................................
76,660 
76,660 
GENERATORS 
161 
GENERATORS AND ASSOCIATED EQUIP .................................................................................................
47,606 
47,606 
162 
TACTICAL ELECTRIC POWER RECAPITALIZATION ...............................................................................
10,500 
10,500 
MATERIAL HANDLING EQUIPMENT 
163 
FAMILY OF FORKLIFTS ............................................................................................................................
13,325 
13,325 
TRAINING EQUIPMENT 
164 
COMBAT TRAINING CENTERS SUPPORT ................................................................................................
79,565 
79,565 
165 
TRAINING DEVICES, NONSYSTEM ...........................................................................................................
174,644 
174,644 
166 
SYNTHETIC TRAINING ENVIRONMENT (STE) ........................................................................................
122,104 
122,104 
168 
GAMING TECHNOLOGY IN SUPPORT OF ARMY TRAINING ...................................................................
11,642 
11,642 
TEST MEASURE AND DIG EQUIPMENT (TMD) 
170 
INTEGRATED FAMILY OF TEST EQUIPMENT (IFTE) .............................................................................
42,934 
42,934 
172 
TEST EQUIPMENT MODERNIZATION (TEMOD) .......................................................................................
24,304 
24,304 
OTHER SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
174 
PHYSICAL SECURITY SYSTEMS (OPA3) ..................................................................................................
86,930 
86,930 
175 
BASE LEVEL COMMON EQUIPMENT ........................................................................................................
27,823 
27,823 
176 
MODIFICATION OF IN-SVC EQUIPMENT (OPA–3) ....................................................................................
32,392 
48,292 
Expeditionary solid waste disposal system .................................................................................................
[15,900] 
177 
BUILDING, PRE-FAB, RELOCATABLE ......................................................................................................
32,227 
32,227 
179 
SPECIAL EQUIPMENT FOR TEST AND EVALUATION ............................................................................
76,917 
76,917 
OPA2 
180 
INITIAL SPARES—C&E ..............................................................................................................................
9,272 
9,272 
TOTAL OTHER PROCUREMENT, ARMY .....................................................................................................
8,873,558 
8,880,492 
AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, NAVY 
COMBAT AIRCRAFT 
1 
F/A–18E/F (FIGHTER) HORNET ..................................................................................................................
87,832 
87,832 
3 
JOINT STRIKE FIGHTER CV .....................................................................................................................
2,111,009 
2,646,009 
Navy UFR—Additional F–35C ......................................................................................................................
[535,000] 
4 
JOINT STRIKE FIGHTER CV .....................................................................................................................
246,781 
246,781 
5 
JSF STOVL .................................................................................................................................................
2,256,829 
2,256,829 
6 
JSF STOVL .................................................................................................................................................
216,720 
345,520 
Marine Corps UFR—F–35 peculiar ground support equipment .....................................................................
[128,800] 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00113
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 124-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8656 
November 19, 2021 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line 
Item 
FY 2022 
Request 
Senate 
Authorized 
7 
CH–53K (HEAVY LIFT) ................................................................................................................................
1,286,296 
1,536,296 
Additional aircraft .......................................................................................................................................
[250,000] 
8 
CH–53K (HEAVY LIFT) ................................................................................................................................
182,871 
182,871 
9 
V–22 (MEDIUM LIFT) ..................................................................................................................................
751,716 
1,123,716 
Marine Corps UFR—MV–22 nacelle maintenance stands .............................................................................
[18,000] 
Marine Corps UFR—MV–22 support equipment ...........................................................................................
[15,000] 
Marine Corps UFR—MV–22 tooling for WESTPAC ......................................................................................
[4,600] 
Navy UFR—Additional V–22B ......................................................................................................................
[334,400] 
11 
H–1 UPGRADES (UH–1Y/AH–1Z) ..................................................................................................................
939 
939 
13 
P–8A POSEIDON ..........................................................................................................................................
44,595 
44,595 
14 
E–2D ADV HAWKEYE ..................................................................................................................................
766,788 
957,788 
Navy UFR—Additional E–2D .......................................................................................................................
[191,000] 
15 
E–2D ADV HAWKEYE ..................................................................................................................................
118,095 
118,095 
TRAINER AIRCRAFT 
16 
ADVANCED HELICOPTER TRAINING SYSTEM .......................................................................................
163,490 
163,490 
OTHER AIRCRAFT 
17 
KC–130J ........................................................................................................................................................
520,787 
1,055,987 
Marine Corps UFR—KC–130J weapons system trainer .................................................................................
[31,500] 
Marine Corps UFR—Replace KC–130J aircraft .............................................................................................
[197,900] 
Navy UFR—Additional C–130J–30 .................................................................................................................
[305,800] 
18 
KC–130J ........................................................................................................................................................
68,088 
68,088 
21 
MQ–4 TRITON ..............................................................................................................................................
160,151 
483,151 
Additional aircraft .......................................................................................................................................
[323,000] 
23 
MQ–8 UAV ....................................................................................................................................................
49,249 
49,249 
24 
STUASL0 UAV .............................................................................................................................................
13,151 
13,151 
25 
MQ–25 ...........................................................................................................................................................
47,468 
47,468 
27 
MARINE GROUP 5 UAS ...............................................................................................................................
233,686 
293,686 
Marine Corps UFR—Additional aircraft ......................................................................................................
[40,000] 
Marine Corps UFR—Additional ground control stations .............................................................................
[20,000] 
MODIFICATION OF AIRCRAFT 
30 
F–18 A-D UNIQUE ........................................................................................................................................
163,095 
245,595 
Marine Corps UFR—F–18 ALR–67(V)5 radar warning receiver .....................................................................
[55,000] 
Marine Corps UFR—F–18C/D AESA radar upgrade ......................................................................................
[27,500] 
31 
F–18E/F AND EA–18G MODERNIZATION AND SUSTAINM ........................................................................
482,899 
482,899 
32 
MARINE GROUP 5 UAS SERIES .................................................................................................................
1,982 
1,982 
33 
AEA SYSTEMS ............................................................................................................................................
23,296 
23,296 
34 
AV–8 SERIES ...............................................................................................................................................
17,882 
17,882 
35 
INFRARED SEARCH AND TRACK (IRST) ..................................................................................................
138,827 
138,827 
36 
ADVERSARY ...............................................................................................................................................
143,571 
155,971 
Marine Corps UFR—Upgrade of current VMFT–401 adversary aircraft .......................................................
[12,400] 
37 
F–18 SERIES ................................................................................................................................................
327,571 
327,571 
38 
H–53 SERIES ................................................................................................................................................
112,436 
112,436 
39 
MH–60 SERIES .............................................................................................................................................
94,794 
94,794 
40 
H–1 SERIES .................................................................................................................................................
124,194 
124,194 
41 
EP–3 SERIES ...............................................................................................................................................
28,848 
28,848 
42 
E–2 SERIES .................................................................................................................................................
204,826 
204,826 
43 
TRAINER A/C SERIES ................................................................................................................................
7,849 
7,849 
44 
C–2A .............................................................................................................................................................
2,843 
2,843 
45 
C–130 SERIES ...............................................................................................................................................
145,610 
145,610 
46 
FEWSG ........................................................................................................................................................
734 
734 
47 
CARGO/TRANSPORT A/C SERIES ..............................................................................................................
10,682 
10,682 
48 
E–6 SERIES .................................................................................................................................................
128,029 
128,029 
49 
EXECUTIVE HELICOPTERS SERIES .........................................................................................................
45,326 
45,326 
51 
T–45 SERIES ................................................................................................................................................
158,772 
158,772 
52 
POWER PLANT CHANGES .........................................................................................................................
24,915 
24,915 
53 
JPATS SERIES ...........................................................................................................................................
22,955 
22,955 
54 
AVIATION LIFE SUPPORT MODS .............................................................................................................
2,477 
2,477 
55 
COMMON ECM EQUIPMENT .......................................................................................................................
119,574 
127,174 
Marine Corps UFR—F–18 ALE–39 to ALE–47 retrofit ...................................................................................
[7,600] 
56 
COMMON AVIONICS CHANGES ..................................................................................................................
118,839 
118,839 
57 
COMMON DEFENSIVE WEAPON SYSTEM ................................................................................................
5,476 
5,476 
58 
ID SYSTEMS ...............................................................................................................................................
13,154 
13,154 
59 
P–8 SERIES .................................................................................................................................................
131,298 
161,998 
Navy UFR—P–8A Inc III kits .......................................................................................................................
[30,700] 
60 
MAGTF EW FOR AVIATION .......................................................................................................................
29,151 
35,451 
Marine Corps UFR—Increase EW of AN/ALQ–231(V)3 ..................................................................................
[6,300] 
61 
MQ–8 SERIES ..............................................................................................................................................
31,624 
31,624 
62 
V–22 (TILT/ROTOR ACFT) OSPREY ...........................................................................................................
312,835 
352,135 
Marine Corps UFR—MV–22 Mesh Network Manager ...................................................................................
[39,300] 
63 
NEXT GENERATION JAMMER (NGJ) ........................................................................................................
266,676 
266,676 
64 
F–35 STOVL SERIES ...................................................................................................................................
177,054 
177,054 
65 
F–35 CV SERIES ..........................................................................................................................................
138,269 
138,269 
66 
QRC ..............................................................................................................................................................
98,563 
98,563 
67 
MQ–4 SERIES ..............................................................................................................................................
7,100 
7,100 
68 
RQ–21 SERIES .............................................................................................................................................
14,123 
14,123 
AIRCRAFT SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 
72 
SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS ...................................................................................................................
2,339,077 
2,466,977 
Marine Corps UFR—F–35B engine spares .....................................................................................................
[117,800] 
Marine Corps UFR—KC–130J initial spares ..................................................................................................
[7,000] 
Marine Corps UFR—KC–130J weapons system trainer initial spares ...........................................................
[3,100] 
AIRCRAFT SUPPORT EQUIP & FACILITIES 
73 
COMMON GROUND EQUIPMENT ...............................................................................................................
517,267 
517,267 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00114
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 125-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8657 
November 19, 2021 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line 
Item 
FY 2022 
Request 
Senate 
Authorized 
74 
AIRCRAFT INDUSTRIAL FACILITIES ......................................................................................................
80,500 
80,500 
75 
WAR CONSUMABLES .................................................................................................................................
42,496 
42,496 
76 
OTHER PRODUCTION CHARGES ...............................................................................................................
21,374 
21,374 
77 
SPECIAL SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ..............................................................................................................
271,774 
271,774 
TOTAL AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, NAVY ................................................................................................
16,477,178 
19,178,878 
WEAPONS PROCUREMENT, NAVY 
MODIFICATION OF MISSILES 
1 
TRIDENT II MODS ......................................................................................................................................
1,144,446 
1,144,446 
SUPPORT EQUIPMENT & FACILITIES 
2 
MISSILE INDUSTRIAL FACILITIES ..........................................................................................................
7,319 
7,319 
STRATEGIC MISSILES 
3 
TOMAHAWK ................................................................................................................................................
124,513 
124,513 
TACTICAL MISSILES 
5 
SIDEWINDER ..............................................................................................................................................
86,366 
86,366 
6 
STANDARD MISSILE .................................................................................................................................
521,814 
521,814 
7 
STANDARD MISSILE .................................................................................................................................
45,357 
45,357 
8 
JASSM .........................................................................................................................................................
37,039 
37,039 
9 
SMALL DIAMETER BOMB II ......................................................................................................................
40,877 
40,877 
10 
RAM .............................................................................................................................................................
92,981 
92,981 
11 
JOINT AIR GROUND MISSILE (JAGM) ......................................................................................................
49,702 
49,702 
12 
HELLFIRE ...................................................................................................................................................
7,557 
7,557 
13 
AERIAL TARGETS .....................................................................................................................................
150,339 
150,339 
14 
DRONES AND DECOYS ...............................................................................................................................
30,321 
30,321 
15 
OTHER MISSILE SUPPORT .......................................................................................................................
3,474 
16,074 
Marine Corps UFR—AGM–167A Griffin ........................................................................................................
[12,600] 
16 
LRASM ........................................................................................................................................................
161,212 
161,212 
17 
NAVAL STRIKE MISSILE (NSM) ...............................................................................................................
59,331 
113,231 
Navy UFR—Additional NSM ........................................................................................................................
[53,900] 
MODIFICATION OF MISSILES 
18 
TOMAHAWK MODS .....................................................................................................................................
206,233 
206,233 
19 
ESSM ...........................................................................................................................................................
248,619 
248,619 
21 
AARGM ........................................................................................................................................................
116,345 
116,345 
22 
STANDARD MISSILES MODS ....................................................................................................................
148,834 
148,834 
SUPPORT EQUIPMENT & FACILITIES 
23 
WEAPONS INDUSTRIAL FACILITIES .......................................................................................................
1,819 
1,819 
ORDNANCE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
26 
ORDNANCE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ..........................................................................................................
191,905 
191,905 
TORPEDOES AND RELATED EQUIP 
27 
SSTD ............................................................................................................................................................
4,545 
4,545 
28 
MK–48 TORPEDO .........................................................................................................................................
159,107 
209,007 
Navy UFR—Heavyweight Torpedo (HWT) quantity increase ......................................................................
[49,900] 
29 
ASW TARGETS ...........................................................................................................................................
13,630 
13,630 
MOD OF TORPEDOES AND RELATED EQUIP 
30 
MK–54 TORPEDO MODS ..............................................................................................................................
106,112 
106,112 
31 
MK–48 TORPEDO ADCAP MODS .................................................................................................................
35,680 
35,680 
32 
MARITIME MINES ......................................................................................................................................
8,567 
8,567 
SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
33 
TORPEDO SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................................
93,400 
93,400 
34 
ASW RANGE SUPPORT ..............................................................................................................................
3,997 
3,997 
DESTINATION TRANSPORTATION 
35 
FIRST DESTINATION TRANSPORTATION ...............................................................................................
4,023 
4,023 
GUNS AND GUN MOUNTS 
36 
SMALL ARMS AND WEAPONS ..................................................................................................................
14,909 
14,909 
MODIFICATION OF GUNS AND GUN MOUNTS 
37 
CIWS MODS .................................................................................................................................................
6,274 
6,274 
38 
COAST GUARD WEAPONS .........................................................................................................................
45,958 
45,958 
39 
GUN MOUNT MODS ....................................................................................................................................
68,775 
68,775 
40 
LCS MODULE WEAPONS ............................................................................................................................
2,121 
2,121 
41 
AIRBORNE MINE NEUTRALIZATION SYSTEMS ......................................................................................
14,822 
14,822 
SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 
43 
SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS ...................................................................................................................
162,382 
166,682 
Navy UFR—Maritime outfitting and interim spares ...................................................................................
[4,300] 
TOTAL WEAPONS PROCUREMENT, NAVY .................................................................................................
4,220,705 
4,341,405 
PROCUREMENT OF AMMO, NAVY & MC 
NAVY AMMUNITION 
1 
GENERAL PURPOSE BOMBS .....................................................................................................................
48,635 
48,635 
2 
JDAM ...........................................................................................................................................................
74,140 
74,140 
3 
AIRBORNE ROCKETS, ALL TYPES ...........................................................................................................
75,383 
75,383 
4 
MACHINE GUN AMMUNITION ...................................................................................................................
11,215 
11,215 
5 
PRACTICE BOMBS ......................................................................................................................................
52,225 
52,225 
6 
CARTRIDGES & CART ACTUATED DEVICES ...........................................................................................
70,876 
70,876 
7 
AIR EXPENDABLE COUNTERMEASURES ................................................................................................
61,600 
103,200 
Marine Corps UFR—Additional units ..........................................................................................................
[41,600] 
8 
JATOS .........................................................................................................................................................
6,620 
6,620 
9 
5 INCH/54 GUN AMMUNITION .....................................................................................................................
28,922 
28,922 
10 
INTERMEDIATE CALIBER GUN AMMUNITION ........................................................................................
36,038 
36,038 
11 
OTHER SHIP GUN AMMUNITION ..............................................................................................................
39,070 
39,070 
12 
SMALL ARMS & LANDING PARTY AMMO ...............................................................................................
45,493 
45,493 
13 
PYROTECHNIC AND DEMOLITION ............................................................................................................
9,163 
9,163 
15 
AMMUNITION LESS THAN $5 MILLION ....................................................................................................
1,575 
1,575 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00115
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 126-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8658 
November 19, 2021 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line 
Item 
FY 2022 
Request 
Senate 
Authorized 
MARINE CORPS AMMUNITION 
16 
MORTARS ...................................................................................................................................................
50,707 
50,707 
17 
DIRECT SUPPORT MUNITIONS .................................................................................................................
120,037 
120,037 
18 
INFANTRY WEAPONS AMMUNITION .......................................................................................................
94,001 
94,001 
19 
COMBAT SUPPORT MUNITIONS ...............................................................................................................
35,247 
35,247 
20 
AMMO MODERNIZATION ...........................................................................................................................
16,267 
16,267 
21 
ARTILLERY MUNITIONS ...........................................................................................................................
105,669 
105,669 
22 
ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ................................................................................................................
5,135 
5,135 
TOTAL PROCUREMENT OF AMMO, NAVY & MC ........................................................................................
988,018 
1,029,618 
SHIPBUILDING AND CONVERSION, NAVY 
FLEET BALLISTIC MISSILE SHIPS 
1 
OHIO REPLACEMENT SUBMARINE ..........................................................................................................
3,003,000 
3,003,000 
2 
OHIO REPLACEMENT SUBMARINE ..........................................................................................................
1,643,980 
1,773,980 
Submarine industrial base development ......................................................................................................
[130,000] 
OTHER WARSHIPS 
3 
CARRIER REPLACEMENT PROGRAM ......................................................................................................
1,068,705 
1,068,705 
4 
CVN–81 .........................................................................................................................................................
1,299,764 
1,299,764 
5 
VIRGINIA CLASS SUBMARINE ..................................................................................................................
4,249,240 
4,249,240 
6 
VIRGINIA CLASS SUBMARINE ..................................................................................................................
2,120,407 
2,120,407 
7 
CVN REFUELING OVERHAULS .................................................................................................................
2,456,018 
2,456,018 
8 
CVN REFUELING OVERHAULS .................................................................................................................
66,262 
66,262 
9 
DDG 1000 ......................................................................................................................................................
56,597 
71,597 
Navy UFR—DDG–1001 combat system activation ........................................................................................
[15,000] 
10 
DDG–51 .........................................................................................................................................................
2,016,787 
3,675,787 
Navy UFR—Arleigh Burke-class destroyer DDG–51 .....................................................................................
[1,659,000] 
11 
DDG–51 AP ...................................................................................................................................................
0 
175,000 
FY23 3rd DDG LLTM ...................................................................................................................................
[125,000] 
Surface combatant supplier base .................................................................................................................
[50,000] 
13 
FFG-FRIGATE ............................................................................................................................................
1,087,900 
1,087,900 
14 
FFG-FRIGATE ............................................................................................................................................
69,100 
69,100 
AMPHIBIOUS SHIPS 
15 
LPD FLIGHT II ...........................................................................................................................................
60,636 
60,636 
16 
LPD FLIGHT II ...........................................................................................................................................
0 
250,000 
Program increase .........................................................................................................................................
[250,000] 
19 
LHA REPLACEMENT ..................................................................................................................................
68,637 
418,637 
Program increase .........................................................................................................................................
[350,000] 
20 
EXPEDITIONARY FAST TRANSPORT (EPF) ............................................................................................
0 
270,000 
Program increase .........................................................................................................................................
[270,000] 
AUXILIARIES, CRAFT AND PRIOR YR PROGRAM COST 
21 
TAO FLEET OILER .....................................................................................................................................
668,184 
668,184 
22 
TAO FLEET OILER .....................................................................................................................................
76,012 
76,012 
23 
TAGOS SURTASS SHIPS ............................................................................................................................
434,384 
434,384 
24 
TOWING, SALVAGE, AND RESCUE SHIP (ATS) .......................................................................................
183,800 
183,800 
25 
LCU 1700 .......................................................................................................................................................
67,928 
67,928 
26 
OUTFITTING ...............................................................................................................................................
655,707 
655,707 
27 
SHIP TO SHORE CONNECTOR ....................................................................................................................
156,738 
156,738 
28 
SERVICE CRAFT ........................................................................................................................................
67,866 
67,866 
29 
LCAC SLEP .................................................................................................................................................
32,712 
32,712 
30 
AUXILIARY VESSELS (USED SEALIFT) ..................................................................................................
299,900 
0 
Program reduction .......................................................................................................................................
[–299,900] 
31 
COMPLETION OF PY SHIPBUILDING PROGRAMS ..................................................................................
660,795 
660,795 
TOTAL SHIPBUILDING AND CONVERSION, NAVY ....................................................................................
22,571,059 
25,120,159 
OTHER PROCUREMENT, NAVY 
SHIP PROPULSION EQUIPMENT 
1 
SURFACE POWER EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................................
41,414 
41,414 
GENERATORS 
2 
SURFACE COMBATANT HM&E ..................................................................................................................
83,746 
83,746 
NAVIGATION EQUIPMENT 
3 
OTHER NAVIGATION EQUIPMENT ...........................................................................................................
72,300 
72,300 
OTHER SHIPBOARD EQUIPMENT 
4 
SUB PERISCOPE, IMAGING AND SUPT EQUIP PROG ..............................................................................
234,932 
234,932 
5 
DDG MOD ....................................................................................................................................................
583,136 
583,136 
6 
FIREFIGHTING EQUIPMENT .....................................................................................................................
15,040 
15,040 
7 
COMMAND AND CONTROL SWITCHBOARD ..............................................................................................
2,194 
2,194 
8 
LHA/LHD MIDLIFE .....................................................................................................................................
133,627 
133,627 
9 
LCC 19/20 EXTENDED SERVICE LIFE PROGRAM .....................................................................................
4,387 
4,387 
10 
POLLUTION CONTROL EQUIPMENT .........................................................................................................
18,159 
18,159 
11 
SUBMARINE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ........................................................................................................
88,284 
88,284 
12 
VIRGINIA CLASS SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................
22,669 
22,669 
13 
LCS CLASS SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ..........................................................................................................
9,640 
9,640 
14 
SUBMARINE BATTERIES ..........................................................................................................................
21,834 
21,834 
15 
LPD CLASS SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .........................................................................................................
34,292 
34,292 
16 
DDG 1000 CLASS SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ..................................................................................................
126,107 
126,107 
17 
STRATEGIC PLATFORM SUPPORT EQUIP ..............................................................................................
12,256 
12,256 
18 
DSSP EQUIPMENT .....................................................................................................................................
10,682 
10,682 
19 
CG MODERNIZATION .................................................................................................................................
156,951 
193,651 
Navy UFR—CG Modernization Pricing ........................................................................................................
[36,700] 
20 
LCAC ............................................................................................................................................................
21,314 
21,314 
21 
UNDERWATER EOD EQUIPMENT .............................................................................................................
24,146 
24,146 
22 
ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ................................................................................................................
84,789 
84,789 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00116
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 127-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8659 
November 19, 2021 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line 
Item 
FY 2022 
Request 
Senate 
Authorized 
23 
CHEMICAL WARFARE DETECTORS .........................................................................................................
2,997 
2,997 
REACTOR PLANT EQUIPMENT 
25 
SHIP MAINTENANCE, REPAIR AND MODERNIZATION ..........................................................................
1,307,651 
1,475,051 
Navy UFR—A–120 availability .....................................................................................................................
[167,400] 
26 
REACTOR POWER UNITS ...........................................................................................................................
3,270 
3,270 
27 
REACTOR COMPONENTS ...........................................................................................................................
438,729 
438,729 
OCEAN ENGINEERING 
28 
DIVING AND SALVAGE EQUIPMENT ........................................................................................................
10,772 
10,772 
SMALL BOATS 
29 
STANDARD BOATS ....................................................................................................................................
58,770 
58,770 
PRODUCTION FACILITIES EQUIPMENT 
30 
OPERATING FORCES IPE ..........................................................................................................................
168,822 
168,822 
OTHER SHIP SUPPORT 
31 
LCS COMMON MISSION MODULES EQUIPMENT .....................................................................................
74,231 
74,231 
32 
LCS MCM MISSION MODULES ...................................................................................................................
40,630 
40,630 
33 
LCS ASW MISSION MODULES ...................................................................................................................
1,565 
1,565 
34 
LCS SUW MISSION MODULES ...................................................................................................................
3,395 
3,395 
35 
LCS IN-SERVICE MODERNIZATION ..........................................................................................................
122,591 
122,591 
36 
SMALL & MEDIUM UUV .............................................................................................................................
32,534 
32,534 
SHIP SONARS 
38 
SPQ–9B RADAR ...........................................................................................................................................
15,927 
15,927 
39 
AN/SQQ–89 SURF ASW COMBAT SYSTEM .................................................................................................
131,829 
131,829 
40 
SSN ACOUSTIC EQUIPMENT .....................................................................................................................
379,850 
379,850 
41 
UNDERSEA WARFARE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .......................................................................................
13,965 
13,965 
ASW ELECTRONIC EQUIPMENT 
42 
SUBMARINE ACOUSTIC WARFARE SYSTEM ...........................................................................................
24,578 
24,578 
43 
SSTD ............................................................................................................................................................
11,010 
11,010 
44 
FIXED SURVEILLANCE SYSTEM .............................................................................................................
363,651 
363,651 
45 
SURTASS ....................................................................................................................................................
67,500 
67,500 
ELECTRONIC WARFARE EQUIPMENT 
46 
AN/SLQ–32 ....................................................................................................................................................
370,559 
370,559 
RECONNAISSANCE EQUIPMENT 
47 
SHIPBOARD IW EXPLOIT ..........................................................................................................................
261,735 
261,735 
48 
AUTOMATED IDENTIFICATION SYSTEM (AIS) .......................................................................................
3,777 
3,777 
OTHER SHIP ELECTRONIC EQUIPMENT 
49 
COOPERATIVE ENGAGEMENT CAPABILITY ...........................................................................................
24,641 
61,541 
Navy UFR—Accelerate Naval Tactical Grid Development for Joint All-Domain Command and Control 
(JADC2).
[23,600] 
Navy UFR—Maritime outfitting and interim spares ...................................................................................
[13,300] 
50 
NAVAL TACTICAL COMMAND SUPPORT SYSTEM (NTCSS) ...................................................................
14,439 
16,639 
Navy UFR—Naval Operational Business Logistics Enterprise (NOBLE) .....................................................
[2,200] 
51 
ATDLS .........................................................................................................................................................
101,595 
101,595 
52 
NAVY COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM (NCCS) .................................................................................
3,535 
3,535 
53 
MINESWEEPING SYSTEM REPLACEMENT .............................................................................................
15,640 
15,640 
54 
SHALLOW WATER MCM ............................................................................................................................
5,610 
5,610 
55 
NAVSTAR GPS RECEIVERS (SPACE) .......................................................................................................
33,097 
33,097 
56 
AMERICAN FORCES RADIO AND TV SERVICE ........................................................................................
2,513 
2,513 
57 
STRATEGIC PLATFORM SUPPORT EQUIP ..............................................................................................
4,823 
4,823 
AVIATION ELECTRONIC EQUIPMENT 
58 
ASHORE ATC EQUIPMENT ........................................................................................................................
83,464 
83,464 
59 
AFLOAT ATC EQUIPMENT ........................................................................................................................
67,055 
67,055 
60 
ID SYSTEMS ...............................................................................................................................................
46,918 
46,918 
61 
JOINT PRECISION APPROACH AND LANDING SYSTEM ( ......................................................................
35,386 
35,386 
62 
NAVAL MISSION PLANNING SYSTEMS ...................................................................................................
17,951 
17,951 
OTHER SHORE ELECTRONIC EQUIPMENT 
63 
MARITIME INTEGRATED BROADCAST SYSTEM ....................................................................................
2,360 
2,360 
64 
TACTICAL/MOBILE C4I SYSTEMS .............................................................................................................
18,919 
18,919 
65 
DCGS-N ........................................................................................................................................................
16,691 
16,691 
66 
CANES .........................................................................................................................................................
412,002 
460,002 
Navy UFR—Resilient Communications PNT for Combat Logistics Fleet (CLF) .........................................
[48,000] 
67 
RADIAC .......................................................................................................................................................
9,074 
9,074 
68 
CANES-INTELL ...........................................................................................................................................
51,593 
51,593 
69 
GPETE .........................................................................................................................................................
23,930 
23,930 
70 
MASF ...........................................................................................................................................................
8,795 
8,795 
71 
INTEG COMBAT SYSTEM TEST FACILITY ..............................................................................................
5,829 
5,829 
72 
EMI CONTROL INSTRUMENTATION .........................................................................................................
3,925 
3,925 
73 
ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ................................................................................................................
156,042 
181,242 
Navy UFR—CVN–78 Dual Band Radar and DDG–1000 Multifunction Radar: Signal Data Processor Tech 
Refresh and Obsolete Component Redesign.
[25,200] 
SHIPBOARD COMMUNICATIONS 
74 
SHIPBOARD TACTICAL COMMUNICATIONS ............................................................................................
43,212 
43,212 
75 
SHIP COMMUNICATIONS AUTOMATION ..................................................................................................
90,724 
101,224 
Navy UFR—Accelerate Naval Tactical Grid Development for Joint All-Domain Command and Control 
(JADC2).
[5,500] 
Navy UFR—Resilient Communications and PNT for Combat Logistics Fleet (CLF) ..................................
[5,000] 
76 
COMMUNICATIONS ITEMS UNDER $5M ....................................................................................................
44,447 
44,447 
SUBMARINE COMMUNICATIONS 
77 
SUBMARINE BROADCAST SUPPORT .......................................................................................................
47,579 
47,579 
78 
SUBMARINE COMMUNICATION EQUIPMENT ..........................................................................................
64,642 
64,642 
SATELLITE COMMUNICATIONS 
79 
SATELLITE COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS .............................................................................................
38,636 
38,636 
80 
NAVY MULTIBAND TERMINAL (NMT) .....................................................................................................
34,723 
34,723 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00117
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 128-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8660 
November 19, 2021 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line 
Item 
FY 2022 
Request 
Senate 
Authorized 
SHORE COMMUNICATIONS 
81 
JOINT COMMUNICATIONS SUPPORT ELEMENT (JCSE) .........................................................................
2,651 
2,651 
CRYPTOGRAPHIC EQUIPMENT 
82 
INFO SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM (ISSP) .........................................................................................
146,879 
146,879 
83 
MIO INTEL EXPLOITATION TEAM ...........................................................................................................
977 
977 
CRYPTOLOGIC EQUIPMENT 
84 
CRYPTOLOGIC COMMUNICATIONS EQUIP ...............................................................................................
17,809 
17,809 
OTHER ELECTRONIC SUPPORT 
92 
COAST GUARD EQUIPMENT ......................................................................................................................
63,214 
63,214 
SONOBUOYS 
94 
SONOBUOYS—ALL TYPES .........................................................................................................................
249,121 
303,521 
Navy UFR—Additional sonobuoys ...............................................................................................................
[54,400] 
AIRCRAFT SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
95 
MINOTAUR ..................................................................................................................................................
4,963 
4,963 
96 
WEAPONS RANGE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ..............................................................................................
98,898 
98,898 
97 
AIRCRAFT SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ...........................................................................................................
178,647 
178,647 
98 
ADVANCED ARRESTING GEAR (AAG) ......................................................................................................
22,265 
22,265 
99 
METEOROLOGICAL EQUIPMENT ..............................................................................................................
13,687 
13,687 
100 
LEGACY AIRBORNE MCM ..........................................................................................................................
4,446 
4,446 
101 
LAMPS EQUIPMENT ..................................................................................................................................
1,470 
1,470 
102 
AVIATION SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................................
70,665 
70,665 
103 
UMCS-UNMAN CARRIER AVIATION(UCA)MISSION CNTRL ....................................................................
86,584 
86,584 
SHIP GUN SYSTEM EQUIPMENT 
104 
SHIP GUN SYSTEMS EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................................
5,536 
5,536 
SHIP MISSILE SYSTEMS EQUIPMENT 
105 
HARPOON SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................................
204 
204 
106 
SHIP MISSILE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .....................................................................................................
237,987 
280,487 
Navy UFR—Additional OTH-WS ..................................................................................................................
[42,500] 
107 
TOMAHAWK SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ........................................................................................................
88,726 
88,726 
FBM SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
108 
STRATEGIC MISSILE SYSTEMS EQUIP ...................................................................................................
281,259 
281,259 
ASW SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
109 
SSN COMBAT CONTROL SYSTEMS ...........................................................................................................
143,289 
143,289 
110 
ASW SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .....................................................................................................................
30,595 
30,595 
OTHER ORDNANCE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
111 
EXPLOSIVE ORDNANCE DISPOSAL EQUIP .............................................................................................
1,721 
1,721 
112 
ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ................................................................................................................
8,746 
8,746 
OTHER EXPENDABLE ORDNANCE 
113 
ANTI-SHIP MISSILE DECOY SYSTEM ......................................................................................................
76,994 
76,994 
114 
SUBMARINE TRAINING DEVICE MODS ....................................................................................................
75,813 
75,813 
115 
SURFACE TRAINING EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................................
127,814 
127,814 
CIVIL ENGINEERING SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
116 
PASSENGER CARRYING VEHICLES .........................................................................................................
4,140 
4,140 
117 
GENERAL PURPOSE TRUCKS ...................................................................................................................
2,805 
2,805 
118 
CONSTRUCTION & MAINTENANCE EQUIP ...............................................................................................
48,403 
48,403 
119 
FIRE FIGHTING EQUIPMENT ....................................................................................................................
15,084 
15,084 
120 
TACTICAL VEHICLES ................................................................................................................................
27,400 
27,400 
121 
POLLUTION CONTROL EQUIPMENT .........................................................................................................
2,607 
2,607 
122 
ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ................................................................................................................
51,963 
51,963 
123 
PHYSICAL SECURITY VEHICLES .............................................................................................................
1,165 
1,165 
SUPPLY SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
124 
SUPPLY EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................................................
24,698 
24,698 
125 
FIRST DESTINATION TRANSPORTATION ...............................................................................................
5,385 
5,385 
126 
SPECIAL PURPOSE SUPPLY SYSTEMS ...................................................................................................
660,750 
660,750 
TRAINING DEVICES 
127 
TRAINING SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................................
3,465 
3,465 
128 
TRAINING AND EDUCATION EQUIPMENT ...............................................................................................
60,114 
60,114 
COMMAND SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
129 
COMMAND SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ...........................................................................................................
31,007 
31,007 
130 
MEDICAL SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .............................................................................................................
7,346 
26,146 
Navy UFR—Expeditionary medical readiness .............................................................................................
[18,800] 
132 
NAVAL MIP SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .........................................................................................................
2,887 
2,887 
133 
OPERATING FORCES SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .........................................................................................
12,815 
12,815 
134 
C4ISR EQUIPMENT .....................................................................................................................................
6,324 
6,324 
135 
ENVIRONMENTAL SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ..............................................................................................
25,098 
25,098 
136 
PHYSICAL SECURITY EQUIPMENT ..........................................................................................................
110,647 
110,647 
137 
ENTERPRISE INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY ...........................................................................................
31,709 
31,709 
OTHER 
141 
NEXT GENERATION ENTERPRISE SERVICE ...........................................................................................
41 
41 
142 
CYBERSPACE ACTIVITIES ........................................................................................................................
12,859 
12,859 
CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 
9999 
CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ...........................................................................................................................
19,808 
19,808 
SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 
143 
SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS ...................................................................................................................
424,405 
626,005 
Navy UFR—DDG–1000 and CVN–78 Dual Band Radar spares ........................................................................
[108,900] 
Navy UFR—Maritime outfitting and interim spares ...................................................................................
[92,700] 
TOTAL OTHER PROCUREMENT, NAVY ......................................................................................................
10,875,912 
11,520,112 
PROCUREMENT, MARINE CORPS 
TRACKED COMBAT VEHICLES 
1 
AAV7A1 PIP .................................................................................................................................................
36,836 
36,836 
2 
AMPHIBIOUS COMBAT VEHICLE FAMILY OF VEHICLES ......................................................................
532,355 
532,355 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00118
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 129-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8661 
November 19, 2021 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line 
Item 
FY 2022 
Request 
Senate 
Authorized 
3 
LAV PIP ......................................................................................................................................................
23,476 
23,476 
ARTILLERY AND OTHER WEAPONS 
4 
155MM LIGHTWEIGHT TOWED HOWITZER ...............................................................................................
32 
32 
5 
ARTILLERY WEAPONS SYSTEM ..............................................................................................................
67,548 
221,348 
Marine Corps UFR—Ground-launched anti-ship missiles ............................................................................
[57,800] 
Marine Corps UFR—Ground-launched long range fires ...............................................................................
[96,000] 
6 
WEAPONS AND COMBAT VEHICLES UNDER $5 MILLION .......................................................................
35,402 
35,402 
GUIDED MISSILES 
8 
GROUND BASED AIR DEFENSE ................................................................................................................
9,349 
9,349 
9 
ANTI-ARMOR MISSILE-JAVELIN .............................................................................................................
937 
937 
10 
FAMILY ANTI-ARMOR WEAPON SYSTEMS (FOAAWS) ...........................................................................
20,481 
20,481 
11 
ANTI-ARMOR MISSILE-TOW .....................................................................................................................
14,359 
14,359 
12 
GUIDED MLRS ROCKET (GMLRS) .............................................................................................................
98,299 
98,299 
COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEMS 
13 
COMMON AVIATION COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM (C ..................................................................
18,247 
18,247 
REPAIR AND TEST EQUIPMENT 
14 
REPAIR AND TEST EQUIPMENT ..............................................................................................................
33,554 
33,554 
OTHER SUPPORT (TEL) 
15 
MODIFICATION KITS .................................................................................................................................
167 
167 
COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM (NON-TEL) 
16 
ITEMS UNDER $5 MILLION (COMM & ELEC) ............................................................................................
64,879 
133,779 
Marine Corps UFR—Fly-Away Broadcast System .......................................................................................
[9,000] 
Marine Corps UFR—INOD Block III long-range sight .................................................................................
[16,900] 
Marine Corps UFR—Squad binocular night vision goggle ...........................................................................
[43,000] 
17 
AIR OPERATIONS C2 SYSTEMS ................................................................................................................
1,291 
3,291 
Marine Corps UFR—CEC (AN/USG–4B) ........................................................................................................
[2,000] 
RADAR + EQUIPMENT (NON-TEL) 
19 
GROUND/AIR TASK ORIENTED RADAR (G/ATOR) ...................................................................................
297,369 
645,369 
Marine Corps UFR—Additional G/ATOR units ............................................................................................
[304,000] 
Marine Corps UFR—Additional radar retrofit kits and FRP systems .........................................................
[44,000] 
INTELL/COMM EQUIPMENT (NON-TEL) 
20 
GCSS-MC .....................................................................................................................................................
604 
604 
21 
FIRE SUPPORT SYSTEM ...........................................................................................................................
39,810 
39,810 
22 
INTELLIGENCE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ...................................................................................................
67,309 
72,909 
Marine Corps UFR—SCINet equipment .......................................................................................................
[5,600] 
24 
UNMANNED AIR SYSTEMS (INTEL) .........................................................................................................
24,299 
24,299 
25 
DCGS-MC .....................................................................................................................................................
28,633 
28,633 
26 
UAS PAYLOADS .........................................................................................................................................
3,730 
3,730 
OTHER SUPPORT (NON-TEL) 
29 
NEXT GENERATION ENTERPRISE NETWORK (NGEN) ...........................................................................
97,060 
116,060 
Marine Corps UFR—Network infrastructure compliance/NGEN .................................................................
[19,000] 
30 
COMMON COMPUTER RESOURCES ...........................................................................................................
83,606 
97,406 
Marine Corps UFR—MC Hardware Suite End User Devices refresh .............................................................
[6,300] 
Marine Corps UFR—Secure Operational Network Infrastructure and Communications modernization .....
[7,500] 
31 
COMMAND POST SYSTEMS .......................................................................................................................
53,708 
53,708 
32 
RADIO SYSTEMS ........................................................................................................................................
468,678 
468,678 
33 
COMM SWITCHING & CONTROL SYSTEMS ..............................................................................................
49,600 
49,600 
34 
COMM & ELEC INFRASTRUCTURE SUPPORT .........................................................................................
110,835 
116,635 
Marine Corps UFR—Base telecommunications equipment upgrades ...........................................................
[5,800] 
35 
CYBERSPACE ACTIVITIES ........................................................................................................................
25,377 
46,577 
Marine Corps UFR—Defensive Cyber Ops-Internal Defensive Measures suites ...........................................
[21,200] 
CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 
9999 
CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ...........................................................................................................................
4,034 
4,034 
ADMINISTRATIVE VEHICLES 
38 
COMMERCIAL CARGO VEHICLES .............................................................................................................
17,848 
17,848 
TACTICAL VEHICLES 
39 
MOTOR TRANSPORT MODIFICATIONS ....................................................................................................
23,363 
23,363 
40 
JOINT LIGHT TACTICAL VEHICLE ...........................................................................................................
322,013 
322,013 
42 
TRAILERS ...................................................................................................................................................
9,876 
9,876 
ENGINEER AND OTHER EQUIPMENT 
44 
TACTICAL FUEL SYSTEMS .......................................................................................................................
2,161 
2,161 
45 
POWER EQUIPMENT ASSORTED ..............................................................................................................
26,625 
26,625 
46 
AMPHIBIOUS SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .......................................................................................................
17,119 
17,119 
47 
EOD SYSTEMS ............................................................................................................................................
94,472 
107,672 
Marine Corps UFR—BCWD/UnSAT/Explosive Hazard Defeat Systems ........................................................
[7,800] 
Marine Corps UFR—ENFIRE/Explosive Hazard Defeat Systems .................................................................
[5,400] 
MATERIALS HANDLING EQUIPMENT 
48 
PHYSICAL SECURITY EQUIPMENT ..........................................................................................................
84,513 
84,513 
GENERAL PROPERTY 
49 
FIELD MEDICAL EQUIPMENT ..................................................................................................................
8,105 
8,105 
50 
TRAINING DEVICES ...................................................................................................................................
37,814 
37,814 
51 
FAMILY OF CONSTRUCTION EQUIPMENT ...............................................................................................
34,658 
50,458 
Marine Corps UFR—All-terrain crane .........................................................................................................
[10,800] 
Marine Corps UFR—Rough terrain container handler ................................................................................
[5,000] 
52 
ULTRA-LIGHT TACTICAL VEHICLE (ULTV) ............................................................................................
15,439 
15,439 
OTHER SUPPORT 
53 
ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ................................................................................................................
4,402 
15,002 
Marine Corps UFR—Lightweight water purification system ......................................................................
[10,600] 
SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 
54 
SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS ...................................................................................................................
32,819 
32,819 
TOTAL PROCUREMENT, MARINE CORPS ..................................................................................................
3,043,091 
3,720,791 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00119
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 130-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8662 
November 19, 2021 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line 
Item 
FY 2022 
Request 
Senate 
Authorized 
AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE 
STRATEGIC OFFENSIVE 
1 
B–21 RAIDER ...............................................................................................................................................
108,027 
108,027 
TACTICAL FORCES 
2 
F–35 ..............................................................................................................................................................
4,167,604 
4,427,604 
Air Force UFR—F–35 power modules ...........................................................................................................
[175,000] 
Program increase .........................................................................................................................................
[85,000] 
3 
F–35 ..............................................................................................................................................................
352,632 
352,632 
5 
F–15EX .........................................................................................................................................................
1,186,903 
1,762,903 
Air Force UFR—Additional aircraft, spares, support equipment ................................................................
[576,000] 
6 
F–15EX .........................................................................................................................................................
147,919 
147,919 
TACTICAL AIRLIFT 
7 
KC–46A MDAP ..............................................................................................................................................
2,380,315 
2,380,315 
OTHER AIRLIFT 
8 
C–130J ...........................................................................................................................................................
128,896 
128,896 
9 
MC–130J .......................................................................................................................................................
220,049 
220,049 
UPT TRAINERS 
11 
ADVANCED TRAINER REPLACEMENT T-X .............................................................................................
10,397 
10,397 
HELICOPTERS 
12 
MH–139A .......................................................................................................................................................
0 
75,000 
Program increase .........................................................................................................................................
[75,000] 
13 
COMBAT RESCUE HELICOPTER ...............................................................................................................
792,221 
792,221 
MISSION SUPPORT AIRCRAFT 
16 
CIVIL AIR PATROL A/C ..............................................................................................................................
2,813 
2,813 
OTHER AIRCRAFT 
17 
TARGET DRONES .......................................................................................................................................
116,169 
116,169 
19 
E–11 BACN/HAG ...........................................................................................................................................
124,435 
124,435 
21 
MQ–9 ............................................................................................................................................................
3,288 
103,288 
Additional aircraft .......................................................................................................................................
[100,000] 
STRATEGIC AIRCRAFT 
23 
B–2A .............................................................................................................................................................
29,944 
29,944 
24 
B–1B .............................................................................................................................................................
30,518 
30,518 
25 
B–52 ..............................................................................................................................................................
82,820 
86,820 
B–52 training system ....................................................................................................................................
[4,000] 
26 
COMBAT RESCUE HELICOPTER ...............................................................................................................
61,191 
61,191 
27 
LARGE AIRCRAFT INFRARED COUNTERMEASURES ............................................................................
57,001 
57,001 
TACTICAL AIRCRAFT 
28 
A–10 ..............................................................................................................................................................
83,621 
83,621 
29 
E–11 BACN/HAG ...........................................................................................................................................
68,955 
68,955 
30 
F–15 ..............................................................................................................................................................
234,340 
234,340 
31 
F–16 ..............................................................................................................................................................
613,166 
638,166 
F–16 AESAs ..................................................................................................................................................
[25,000] 
32 
F–22A ...........................................................................................................................................................
424,722 
424,722 
33 
F–35 MODIFICATIONS .................................................................................................................................
304,135 
1,974,885 
F–35 upgrades to Block 4 ..............................................................................................................................
[1,670,750] 
34 
F–15 EPAW ...................................................................................................................................................
149,797 
149,797 
36 
KC–46A MDAP ..............................................................................................................................................
1,984 
1,984 
AIRLIFT AIRCRAFT 
37 
C–5 ................................................................................................................................................................
25,431 
25,431 
38 
C–17A ............................................................................................................................................................
59,570 
59,570 
40 
C–32A ............................................................................................................................................................
1,949 
1,949 
41 
C–37A ............................................................................................................................................................
5,984 
5,984 
TRAINER AIRCRAFT 
42 
GLIDER MODS ............................................................................................................................................
142 
142 
43 
T–6 ...............................................................................................................................................................
8,735 
8,735 
44 
T–1 ...............................................................................................................................................................
3,872 
3,872 
45 
T–38 ..............................................................................................................................................................
49,851 
49,851 
OTHER AIRCRAFT 
46 
U–2 MODS ....................................................................................................................................................
126,809 
126,809 
47 
KC–10A (ATCA) ............................................................................................................................................
1,902 
1,902 
49 
VC–25A MOD ................................................................................................................................................
96 
96 
50 
C–40 ..............................................................................................................................................................
262 
262 
51 
C–130 .............................................................................................................................................................
29,071 
29,071 
52 
C–130J MODS ...............................................................................................................................................
110,784 
110,784 
53 
C–135 .............................................................................................................................................................
61,376 
61,376 
54 
COMPASS CALL ..........................................................................................................................................
195,098 
270,098 
Air Force UFR—Additional spare engines ...................................................................................................
[75,000] 
56 
RC–135 ..........................................................................................................................................................
207,596 
207,596 
57 
E–3 ...............................................................................................................................................................
109,855 
109,855 
58 
E–4 ...............................................................................................................................................................
19,081 
19,081 
59 
E–8 ...............................................................................................................................................................
16,312 
16,312 
60 
AIRBORNE WARNING AND CNTRL SYS (AWACS) 40/45 ............................................................................
30,327 
30,327 
62 
H–1 ...............................................................................................................................................................
1,533 
1,533 
63 
H–60 ..............................................................................................................................................................
13,709 
13,709 
64 
RQ–4 MODS ..................................................................................................................................................
3,205 
3,205 
65 
HC/MC–130 MODIFICATIONS .......................................................................................................................
150,263 
150,263 
66 
OTHER AIRCRAFT .....................................................................................................................................
54,828 
54,828 
67 
MQ–9 MODS .................................................................................................................................................
144,287 
144,287 
68 
MQ–9 UAS PAYLOADS ................................................................................................................................
40,800 
40,800 
69 
SENIOR LEADER C3, SYSTEM—AIRCRAFT .............................................................................................
23,554 
23,554 
70 
CV–22 MODS ................................................................................................................................................
158,162 
240,562 
SOCOM UFR—CV–22 reliability acceleration ..............................................................................................
[82,400] 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00120
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 131-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8663 
November 19, 2021 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line 
Item 
FY 2022 
Request 
Senate 
Authorized 
AIRCRAFT SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 
71 
INITIAL SPARES/REPAIR PARTS .............................................................................................................
915,710 
915,710 
COMMON SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
72 
AIRCRAFT REPLACEMENT SUPPORT EQUIP .........................................................................................
138,761 
138,761 
POST PRODUCTION SUPPORT 
73 
B–2A .............................................................................................................................................................
1,651 
1,651 
74 
B–2B .............................................................................................................................................................
38,811 
38,811 
75 
B–52 ..............................................................................................................................................................
5,602 
5,602 
78 
F–15 ..............................................................................................................................................................
2,324 
2,324 
79 
F–16 ..............................................................................................................................................................
10,456 
10,456 
81 
RQ–4 POST PRODUCTION CHARGES .........................................................................................................
24,592 
24,592 
INDUSTRIAL PREPAREDNESS 
82 
INDUSTRIAL RESPONSIVENESS ..............................................................................................................
18,110 
18,110 
WAR CONSUMABLES 
83 
WAR CONSUMABLES .................................................................................................................................
35,866 
35,866 
OTHER PRODUCTION CHARGES 
84 
OTHER PRODUCTION CHARGES ...............................................................................................................
979,388 
979,388 
CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 
9999 
CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ...........................................................................................................................
18,092 
18,092 
TOTAL AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE .......................................................................................
15,727,669 
18,595,819 
MISSILE PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE 
MISSILE REPLACEMENT EQUIPMENT—BALLISTIC 
1 
MISSILE REPLACEMENT EQ-BALLISTIC ................................................................................................
57,793 
57,793 
BALLISTIC MISSILES 
2 
GROUND BASED STRATEGIC DETERRENT .............................................................................................
8,895 
8,895 
TACTICAL 
3 
REPLAC EQUIP & WAR CONSUMABLES ...................................................................................................
7,681 
7,681 
4 
AGM–183A AIR-LAUNCHED RAPID RESPONSE WEAPON ........................................................................
160,850 
160,850 
6 
JOINT AIR-SURFACE STANDOFF MISSILE .............................................................................................
710,550 
710,550 
8 
SIDEWINDER (AIM–9X) ..............................................................................................................................
107,587 
107,587 
9 
AMRAAM .....................................................................................................................................................
214,002 
214,002 
10 
PREDATOR HELLFIRE MISSILE ..............................................................................................................
103,684 
103,684 
11 
SMALL DIAMETER BOMB .........................................................................................................................
82,819 
82,819 
12 
SMALL DIAMETER BOMB II ......................................................................................................................
294,649 
294,649 
INDUSTRIAL FACILITIES 
13 
INDUSTR’L PREPAREDNS/POL PREVENTION ........................................................................................
757 
757 
CLASS IV 
15 
ICBM FUZE MOD .........................................................................................................................................
53,013 
65,263 
Realignment of funds ...................................................................................................................................
[12,250] 
16 
ICBM FUZE MOD .........................................................................................................................................
47,757 
35,507 
Realignment of funds ...................................................................................................................................
[–12,250] 
17 
MM III MODIFICATIONS ............................................................................................................................
88,579 
88,579 
19 
AIR LAUNCH CRUISE MISSILE (ALCM) ....................................................................................................
46,799 
46,799 
MISSILE SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 
20 
MSL SPRS/REPAIR PARTS (INITIAL) .......................................................................................................
16,212 
16,212 
21 
MSL SPRS/REPAIR PARTS (REPLEN) ......................................................................................................
63,547 
63,547 
22 
INITIAL SPARES/REPAIR PARTS .............................................................................................................
4,045 
4,045 
SPECIAL PROGRAMS 
27 
SPECIAL UPDATE PROGRAMS .................................................................................................................
30,352 
30,352 
CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 
9999 
CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ...........................................................................................................................
570,240 
570,240 
TOTAL MISSILE PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE ..........................................................................................
2,669,811 
2,669,811 
PROCUREMENT, SPACE FORCE 
SPACE PROCUREMENT, SF 
2 
AF SATELLITE COMM SYSTEM ................................................................................................................
43,655 
43,655 
3 
COUNTERSPACE SYSTEMS .......................................................................................................................
64,804 
64,804 
4 
FAMILY OF BEYOND LINE-OF-SIGHT TERMINALS ................................................................................
39,444 
39,444 
5 
GENERAL INFORMATION TECH—SPACE .................................................................................................
3,316 
13,116 
Space Force UFR—Long duration propulsive national security space launch secondary payload adapter
[8,000] 
Space Force UFR—Modernize space aggressor equipment ..........................................................................
[1,800] 
6 
GPSIII FOLLOW ON ....................................................................................................................................
601,418 
601,418 
7 
GPS III SPACE SEGMENT ..........................................................................................................................
84,452 
84,452 
8 
GLOBAL POSTIONING (SPACE) .................................................................................................................
2,274 
2,274 
9 
HERITAGE TRANSITION ...........................................................................................................................
13,529 
13,529 
10 
SPACEBORNE EQUIP (COMSEC) ................................................................................................................
26,245 
48,945 
Space Force UFR—Space-rated crypto devices to support launch ..............................................................
[22,700] 
11 
MILSATCOM ...............................................................................................................................................
24,333 
24,333 
12 
SBIR HIGH (SPACE) ....................................................................................................................................
154,526 
154,526 
13 
SPECIAL SPACE ACTIVITIES ...................................................................................................................
142,188 
142,188 
14 
MOBILE USER OBJECTIVE SYSTEM ........................................................................................................
45,371 
45,371 
15 
NATIONAL SECURITY SPACE LAUNCH ...................................................................................................
1,337,347 
1,337,347 
16 
NUDET DETECTION SYSTEM ....................................................................................................................
6,690 
6,690 
17 
PTES HUB ...................................................................................................................................................
7,406 
7,406 
18 
ROCKET SYSTEMS LAUNCH PROGRAM ..................................................................................................
10,429 
10,429 
20 
SPACE MODS ..............................................................................................................................................
64,371 
64,371 
21 
SPACELIFT RANGE SYSTEM SPACE .......................................................................................................
93,774 
93,774 
SPARES 
22 
SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS ...................................................................................................................
1,282 
1,282 
TOTAL PROCUREMENT, SPACE FORCE ....................................................................................................
2,766,854 
2,799,354 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00121
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 132-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8664 
November 19, 2021 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line 
Item 
FY 2022 
Request 
Senate 
Authorized 
PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, AIR FORCE 
ROCKETS 
1 
ROCKETS ....................................................................................................................................................
36,597 
36,597 
CARTRIDGES 
2 
CARTRIDGES ..............................................................................................................................................
169,163 
169,163 
BOMBS 
3 
PRACTICE BOMBS ......................................................................................................................................
48,745 
48,745 
4 
GENERAL PURPOSE BOMBS .....................................................................................................................
176,565 
176,565 
5 
MASSIVE ORDNANCE PENETRATOR (MOP) ............................................................................................
15,500 
15,500 
6 
JOINT DIRECT ATTACK MUNITION ..........................................................................................................
124,102 
124,102 
7 
B–61 ..............................................................................................................................................................
2,709 
2,709 
OTHER ITEMS 
8 
CAD/PAD .....................................................................................................................................................
47,210 
47,210 
9 
EXPLOSIVE ORDNANCE DISPOSAL (EOD) ...............................................................................................
6,151 
6,151 
10 
SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS ...................................................................................................................
535 
535 
11 
MODIFICATIONS ........................................................................................................................................
292 
292 
12 
ITEMS LESS THAN $5,000,000 ......................................................................................................................
9,164 
9,164 
FLARES 
13 
FLARES .......................................................................................................................................................
95,297 
95,297 
FUZES 
14 
FUZES .........................................................................................................................................................
50,795 
50,795 
SMALL ARMS 
15 
SMALL ARMS .............................................................................................................................................
12,343 
12,343 
TOTAL PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, AIR FORCE ...........................................................................
795,168 
795,168 
OTHER PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE 
PASSENGER CARRYING VEHICLES 
1 
PASSENGER CARRYING VEHICLES .........................................................................................................
8,448 
8,448 
CARGO AND UTILITY VEHICLES 
2 
MEDIUM TACTICAL VEHICLE ...................................................................................................................
5,804 
5,804 
3 
CAP VEHICLES ...........................................................................................................................................
1,066 
1,066 
4 
CARGO AND UTILITY VEHICLES ..............................................................................................................
57,459 
61,959 
CNGB UFR—Security forces utility task vehicle ........................................................................................
[4,500] 
SPECIAL PURPOSE VEHICLES 
5 
JOINT LIGHT TACTICAL VEHICLE ...........................................................................................................
97,326 
97,326 
6 
SECURITY AND TACTICAL VEHICLES .....................................................................................................
488 
488 
7 
SPECIAL PURPOSE VEHICLES .................................................................................................................
75,694 
81,094 
CNGB UFR—Temperature control trailers ..................................................................................................
[5,400] 
FIRE FIGHTING EQUIPMENT 
8 
FIRE FIGHTING/CRASH RESCUE VEHICLES ...........................................................................................
12,525 
12,525 
MATERIALS HANDLING EQUIPMENT 
9 
MATERIALS HANDLING VEHICLES .........................................................................................................
34,933 
34,933 
BASE MAINTENANCE SUPPORT 
10 
RUNWAY SNOW REMOV AND CLEANING EQU ........................................................................................
9,134 
9,134 
11 
BASE MAINTENANCE SUPPORT VEHICLES ............................................................................................
111,820 
111,820 
COMM SECURITY EQUIPMENT(COMSEC) 
13 
COMSEC EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................................................
66,022 
66,022 
14 
STRATEGIC MICROELECTRONIC SUPPLY SYSTEM ...............................................................................
885,051 
885,051 
INTELLIGENCE PROGRAMS 
15 
INTERNATIONAL INTEL TECH & ARCHITECTURES ...............................................................................
5,809 
5,809 
16 
INTELLIGENCE TRAINING EQUIPMENT ..................................................................................................
5,719 
5,719 
17 
INTELLIGENCE COMM EQUIPMENT .........................................................................................................
25,844 
25,844 
ELECTRONICS PROGRAMS 
18 
AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL & LANDING SYS ................................................................................................
44,516 
52,516 
Air Force UFR—Build command and control framework ............................................................................
[8,000] 
19 
BATTLE CONTROL SYSTEM—FIXED .......................................................................................................
2,940 
2,940 
20 
THEATER AIR CONTROL SYS IMPROVEMEN ..........................................................................................
43,442 
47,842 
EUCOM UFR—Air base air defens ops center ..............................................................................................
[4,400] 
21 
3D EXPEDITIONARY LONG-RANGE RADAR .............................................................................................
96,186 
248,186 
Air Force UFR—Build command and control framework ............................................................................
[152,000] 
22 
WEATHER OBSERVATION FORECAST .....................................................................................................
32,376 
32,976 
Space Force UFR—Thule Air Base wind profiler .........................................................................................
[600] 
23 
STRATEGIC COMMAND AND CONTROL ...................................................................................................
37,950 
37,950 
24 
CHEYENNE MOUNTAIN COMPLEX ...........................................................................................................
8,258 
8,258 
25 
MISSION PLANNING SYSTEMS ................................................................................................................
14,717 
14,717 
SPCL COMM-ELECTRONICS PROJECTS 
27 
GENERAL INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY .................................................................................................
43,917 
88,247 
EUCOM UFR—Mission Partner Environment .............................................................................................
[13,800] 
INDOPACOM UFR—Mission Partner Environment .....................................................................................
[30,530] 
28 
AF GLOBAL COMMAND & CONTROL SYS ................................................................................................
414 
414 
30 
MOBILITY COMMAND AND CONTROL ......................................................................................................
10,619 
10,619 
31 
AIR FORCE PHYSICAL SECURITY SYSTEM ............................................................................................
101,896 
116,797 
EUCOM UFR—Counter-UAS for UASFE installations ................................................................................
[1,241] 
EUCOM UFR—Sensors for air base air defense ............................................................................................
[11,660] 
Space Force UFR—Maui Optical Site security system ...............................................................................
[2,000] 
32 
COMBAT TRAINING RANGES ....................................................................................................................
222,598 
222,598 
33 
COMBAT TRAINING RANGES ....................................................................................................................
14,730 
14,730 
34 
MINIMUM ESSENTIAL EMERGENCY COMM N ........................................................................................
77,119 
77,119 
35 
WIDE AREA SURVEILLANCE (WAS) .........................................................................................................
38,794 
38,794 
36 
C3 COUNTERMEASURES ............................................................................................................................
131,238 
131,238 
37 
INTEGRATED PERSONNEL AND PAY SYSTEM .......................................................................................
15,240 
15,240 
38 
GCSS-AF FOS ..............................................................................................................................................
3,959 
3,959 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00122
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 133-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8665 
November 19, 2021 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line 
Item 
FY 2022 
Request 
Senate 
Authorized 
40 
MAINTENANCE REPAIR & OVERHAUL INITIATIVE ...............................................................................
4,387 
4,387 
41 
THEATER BATTLE MGT C2 SYSTEM .......................................................................................................
4,052 
4,052 
42 
AIR & SPACE OPERATIONS CENTER (AOC) .............................................................................................
2,224 
2,224 
AIR FORCE COMMUNICATIONS 
43 
BASE INFORMATION TRANSPT INFRAST (BITI) WIRED .......................................................................
58,499 
58,499 
44 
AFNET .........................................................................................................................................................
65,354 
65,354 
45 
JOINT COMMUNICATIONS SUPPORT ELEMENT (JCSE) .........................................................................
4,377 
4,377 
46 
USCENTCOM ...............................................................................................................................................
18,101 
18,101 
47 
USSTRATCOM .............................................................................................................................................
4,226 
4,226 
ORGANIZATION AND BASE 
48 
TACTICAL C-E EQUIPMENT ......................................................................................................................
162,955 
162,955 
49 
RADIO EQUIPMENT ...................................................................................................................................
14,232 
15,732 
Space Force UFR—radio equipment ............................................................................................................
[1,500] 
51 
BASE COMM INFRASTRUCTURE ..............................................................................................................
200,797 
264,297 
EUCOM UFR—Modernize IT infrastructure ................................................................................................
[55,000] 
Space Force UFR—Emergency 911 rech refresh ...........................................................................................
[1,200] 
Space Force UFR—Lifecycle SIPR/NIP replacement ..................................................................................
[7,000] 
Space Force UFR—Maui Optical Site resilient comms ...............................................................................
[300] 
MODIFICATIONS 
52 
COMM ELECT MODS ..................................................................................................................................
18,607 
18,607 
PERSONAL SAFETY & RESCUE EQUIP 
53 
PERSONAL SAFETY AND RESCUE EQUIPMENT .....................................................................................
106,449 
131,449 
CNGB UFR—Critical care air transport team .............................................................................................
[9,500] 
CNGB UFR—Tactical combat casualty care medical kit ............................................................................
[15,500] 
DEPOT PLANT+MTRLS HANDLING EQ 
54 
POWER CONDITIONING EQUIPMENT .......................................................................................................
11,274 
11,274 
55 
MECHANIZED MATERIAL HANDLING EQUIP ..........................................................................................
8,594 
8,594 
BASE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
56 
BASE PROCURED EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................................
1 
83,251 
CNGB UFR—Modular small arms ranges .....................................................................................................
[75,000] 
EUCOM UFR—Tactical decoy devices .........................................................................................................
[8,250] 
57 
ENGINEERING AND EOD EQUIPMENT .....................................................................................................
32,139 
32,139 
58 
MOBILITY EQUIPMENT .............................................................................................................................
63,814 
131,014 
CNGB UFR—Aeromedical evacuation equipment kit ..................................................................................
[3,200] 
CNGB UFR—Disaster relief mobile kitchen trailers ...................................................................................
[22,500] 
CNGB UFR—Oxygen generation system ......................................................................................................
[3,000] 
CNGB UFR—Rapid response shelters ..........................................................................................................
[7,500] 
CNGB UFR—Security forces modular ballistic protection system .............................................................
[31,000] 
59 
FUELS SUPPORT EQUIPMENT (FSE) .......................................................................................................
17,928 
17,928 
60 
BASE MAINTENANCE AND SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................
48,534 
48,534 
SPECIAL SUPPORT PROJECTS 
62 
DARP RC135 .................................................................................................................................................
27,359 
27,359 
63 
DCGS-AF .....................................................................................................................................................
261,070 
261,070 
65 
SPECIAL UPDATE PROGRAM ...................................................................................................................
777,652 
777,652 
CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 
9999 
CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ...........................................................................................................................
20,983,908 
20,983,908 
SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 
66 
SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS (CYBER) ...................................................................................................
978 
978 
67 
SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS ...................................................................................................................
9,575 
10,575 
Air Force UFR—Build command and control framework ............................................................................
[1,000] 
TOTAL OTHER PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE ............................................................................................
25,251,137 
25,726,718 
PROCUREMENT, DEFENSE-WIDE 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DCSA 
2 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT ..................................................................................................................................
3,014 
3,014 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DHRA 
4 
PERSONNEL ADMINISTRATION ...............................................................................................................
4,042 
4,042 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DISA 
10 
INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY .......................................................................................................
18,923 
18,923 
11 
TELEPORT PROGRAM ...............................................................................................................................
34,908 
34,908 
12 
JOINT FORCES HEADQUARTERS—DODIN ...............................................................................................
1,968 
1,968 
13 
ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ................................................................................................................
42,270 
42,270 
14 
DEFENSE INFORMATION SYSTEM NETWORK ........................................................................................
18,025 
18,025 
15 
WHITE HOUSE COMMUNICATION AGENCY ..............................................................................................
44,522 
44,522 
16 
SENIOR LEADERSHIP ENTERPRISE ........................................................................................................
54,592 
54,592 
17 
JOINT REGIONAL SECURITY STACKS (JRSS) .........................................................................................
62,657 
62,657 
18 
JOINT SERVICE PROVIDER ......................................................................................................................
102,039 
102,039 
19 
FOURTH ESTATE NETWORK OPTIMIZATION (4ENO) .............................................................................
80,645 
80,645 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DLA 
21 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT ..................................................................................................................................
530,896 
530,896 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DMACT 
22 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT ..................................................................................................................................
8,498 
8,498 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DODEA 
23 
AUTOMATION/EDUCATIONAL SUPPORT & LOGISTICS ..........................................................................
2,963 
2,963 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DPAA 
24 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DPAA ......................................................................................................................
494 
494 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DEFENSE THREAT REDUCTION AGENCY 
26 
VEHICLES ...................................................................................................................................................
118 
118 
27 
OTHER MAJOR EQUIPMENT .....................................................................................................................
12,681 
12,681 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, MISSILE DEFENSE AGENCY 
29 
THAAD ........................................................................................................................................................
251,543 
361,122 
MDA UFR—Additional interceptors ............................................................................................................
[109,579] 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00123
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 134-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8666 
November 19, 2021 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line 
Item 
FY 2022 
Request 
Senate 
Authorized 
31 
AEGIS BMD .................................................................................................................................................
334,621 
334,621 
32 
AEGIS BMD .................................................................................................................................................
17,493 
17,493 
33 
BMDS AN/TPY–2 RADARS ..........................................................................................................................
2,738 
2,738 
34 
SM–3 IIAS ....................................................................................................................................................
295,322 
336,322 
MDA UFR—Additional AURs ......................................................................................................................
[41,000] 
35 
ARROW 3 UPPER TIER SYSTEMS .............................................................................................................
62,000 
62,000 
36 
SHORT RANGE BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE (SRBMD) ......................................................................
30,000 
30,000 
37 
DEFENSE OF GUAM PROCUREMENT .......................................................................................................
40,000 
117,220 
INDOPACOM UFR—Guam Defense System .................................................................................................
[77,220] 
38 
AEGIS ASHORE PHASE III .........................................................................................................................
25,866 
25,866 
39 
IRON DOME .................................................................................................................................................
108,000 
108,000 
40 
AEGIS BMD HARDWARE AND SOFTWARE ..............................................................................................
81,791 
81,791 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, NSA 
46 
INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM (ISSP) .........................................................................
315 
315 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, OSD 
47 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, OSD .........................................................................................................................
31,420 
31,420 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, SDA 
48 
JOINT CAPABILITY TECH DEMONSTRATION (JCTD) .............................................................................
74,060 
74,060 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, TJS 
49 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, TJS ..........................................................................................................................
7,830 
7,830 
CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 
9999 
CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ...........................................................................................................................
635,338 
635,338 
AVIATION PROGRAMS 
52 
ARMED OVERWATCH/TARGETING ...........................................................................................................
170,000 
170,000 
53 
MANNED ISR ..............................................................................................................................................
2,500 
2,500 
54 
MC–12 ...........................................................................................................................................................
2,250 
2,250 
55 
MH–60 BLACKHAWK ...................................................................................................................................
29,900 
29,900 
56 
ROTARY WING UPGRADES AND SUSTAINMENT ....................................................................................
202,278 
202,278 
57 
UNMANNED ISR .........................................................................................................................................
55,951 
55,951 
58 
NON-STANDARD AVIATION ......................................................................................................................
3,282 
3,282 
59 
U–28 ..............................................................................................................................................................
4,176 
4,176 
60 
MH–47 CHINOOK ..........................................................................................................................................
130,485 
130,485 
61 
CV–22 MODIFICATION ................................................................................................................................
41,762 
47,572 
SOCOM UFR—CV–22 reliability acceleration ..............................................................................................
[5,810] 
62 
MQ–9 UNMANNED AERIAL VEHICLE ........................................................................................................
8,020 
8,020 
63 
PRECISION STRIKE PACKAGE ..................................................................................................................
165,224 
165,224 
64 
AC/MC–130J ..................................................................................................................................................
205,216 
205,216 
65 
C–130 MODIFICATIONS ...............................................................................................................................
13,373 
13,373 
SHIPBUILDING 
66 
UNDERWATER SYSTEMS ..........................................................................................................................
17,227 
23,327 
SOCOM UFR—Combat diving advanced equipment acceleration ................................................................
[5,200] 
SOCOM UFR—Modernized forward look sonar ............................................................................................
[900] 
AMMUNITION PROGRAMS 
67 
ORDNANCE ITEMS <$5M ............................................................................................................................
168,072 
168,072 
OTHER PROCUREMENT PROGRAMS 
68 
INTELLIGENCE SYSTEMS ........................................................................................................................
131,889 
131,889 
69 
DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS .........................................................................
5,991 
5,991 
70 
OTHER ITEMS <$5M ...................................................................................................................................
62,722 
62,722 
71 
COMBATANT CRAFT SYSTEMS ................................................................................................................
17,080 
17,080 
72 
SPECIAL PROGRAMS .................................................................................................................................
44,351 
75,531 
SOCOM UFR—Medium fixed wing mobility modifications ..........................................................................
[31,180] 
73 
TACTICAL VEHICLES ................................................................................................................................
26,806 
26,806 
74 
WARRIOR SYSTEMS <$5M .........................................................................................................................
284,548 
284,548 
75 
COMBAT MISSION REQUIREMENTS .........................................................................................................
27,513 
27,513 
77 
OPERATIONAL ENHANCEMENTS INTELLIGENCE ..................................................................................
20,252 
20,252 
78 
OPERATIONAL ENHANCEMENTS .............................................................................................................
328,569 
389,872 
SOCOM UFR—Armored ground mobility systems acceleration ..................................................................
[33,303] 
SOCOM UFR—Fused panoramic night vision goggles acceleration .............................................................
[28,000] 
CBDP 
79 
CHEMICAL BIOLOGICAL SITUATIONAL AWARENESS ...........................................................................
167,918 
167,918 
80 
CB PROTECTION & HAZARD MITIGATION ...............................................................................................
189,265 
189,265 
TOTAL PROCUREMENT, DEFENSE-WIDE ..................................................................................................
5,548,212 
5,880,404 
TOTAL PROCUREMENT ..............................................................................................................................
132,205,078 144,054,529 
TITLE XLII—RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, 
TEST, AND EVALUATION 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND 
EVALUATION. 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line 
Program 
Element 
Item 
FY 2022 
Request 
Senate 
Authorized 
RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, ARMY 
BASIC RESEARCH 
1 
0601102A 
DEFENSE RESEARCH SCIENCES ..............................................................................................
297,241 
297,241 
2 
0601103A 
UNIVERSITY RESEARCH INITIATIVES ....................................................................................
66,981 
103,481 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00124
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 135-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8667 
November 19, 2021 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line 
Program 
Element 
Item 
FY 2022 
Request 
Senate 
Authorized 
Smart thread data exchange ........................................................................................................
[5,000 ] 
UAS propulsion research .............................................................................................................
[1,500 ] 
University research programs ......................................................................................................
[30,000 ] 
3 
0601104A 
UNIVERSITY AND INDUSTRY RESEARCH CENTERS .............................................................
94,003 
94,003 
4 
0601121A 
CYBER COLLABORATIVE RESEARCH ALLIANCE ...................................................................
5,067 
5,067 
5 
0601601A 
ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE AND MACHINE LEARNING BASIC RESEARCH ........................
10,183 
10,183 
SUBTOTAL BASIC RESEARCH ....................................................................................................
473,475 
509,975 
APPLIED RESEARCH 
6 
0602115A 
BIOMEDICAL TECHNOLOGY ......................................................................................................
11,925 
11,925 
7 
0602134A 
COUNTER IMPROVISED-THREAT ADVANCED STUDIES ........................................................
1,976 
1,976 
8 
0602141A 
LETHALITY TECHNOLOGY .......................................................................................................
64,126 
66,626 
Ceramic material systems for extreme environments .................................................................
[2,500 ] 
9 
0602142A 
ARMY APPLIED RESEARCH ......................................................................................................
28,654 
28,654 
10 
0602143A 
SOLDIER LETHALITY TECHNOLOGY .......................................................................................
105,168 
105,168 
11 
0602144A 
GROUND TECHNOLOGY .............................................................................................................
56,400 
67,400 
Earthen structures research ........................................................................................................
[3,000 ] 
Graphene applications for military engineering ..........................................................................
[2,000 ] 
Polar research and testing ...........................................................................................................
[4,000 ] 
Verified inherent control .............................................................................................................
[2,000 ] 
12 
0602145A 
NEXT GENERATION COMBAT VEHICLE TECHNOLOGY ..........................................................
172,166 
174,666 
Light detection and ranging (LiDAR) technology .......................................................................
[2,500 ] 
13 
0602146A 
NETWORK C3I TECHNOLOGY ....................................................................................................
84,606 
86,606 
UAS sensor research ....................................................................................................................
[2,000 ] 
14 
0602147A 
LONG RANGE PRECISION FIRES TECHNOLOGY .....................................................................
64,285 
64,285 
15 
0602148A 
FUTURE VERTICLE LIFT TECHNOLOGY .................................................................................
91,411 
91,411 
16 
0602150A 
AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................
19,316 
47,316 
Counter-UAS applied research .....................................................................................................
[5,000 ] 
High energy laser research ..........................................................................................................
[5,000 ] 
High energy laser support technology .........................................................................................
[5,000 ] 
Kill chain automation for air and missile defense systems .........................................................
[8,000 ] 
Secure computing capabilities .....................................................................................................
[5,000 ] 
17 
0602180A 
ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE AND MACHINE LEARNING TECHNOLOGIES ...........................
15,034 
15,034 
18 
0602181A 
ALL DOMAIN CONVERGENCE APPLIED RESEARCH ..............................................................
25,967 
25,967 
19 
0602182A 
C3I APPLIED RESEARCH ...........................................................................................................
12,406 
12,406 
20 
0602183A 
AIR PLATFORM APPLIED RESEARCH .....................................................................................
6,597 
6,597 
21 
0602184A 
SOLDIER APPLIED RESEARCH ................................................................................................
11,064 
18,564 
Military footwear research ..........................................................................................................
[2,500 ] 
Pathfinder air assault ..................................................................................................................
[5,000 ] 
22 
0602213A 
C3I APPLIED CYBER ..................................................................................................................
12,123 
12,123 
23 
0602386A 
BIOTECHNOLOGY FOR MATERIALS—APPLIED RESEARCH ..................................................
20,643 
20,643 
24 
0602785A 
MANPOWER/PERSONNEL/TRAINING TECHNOLOGY ...............................................................
18,701 
18,701 
25 
0602787A 
MEDICAL TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................................................
91,720 
91,720 
SUBTOTAL APPLIED RESEARCH ...............................................................................................
914,288 
967,788 
ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT 
26 
0603002A 
MEDICAL ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY .......................................................................................
43,804 
43,804 
27 
0603007A 
MANPOWER, PERSONNEL AND TRAINING ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ................................
14,273 
14,273 
28 
0603025A 
ARMY AGILE INNOVATION AND DEMONSTRATION ...............................................................
22,231 
22,231 
29 
0603040A 
ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE AND MACHINE LEARNING ADVANCED TECHNOLOGIES ......
909 
909 
30 
0603041A 
ALL DOMAIN CONVERGENCE ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ......................................................
17,743 
17,743 
31 
0603042A 
C3I ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ..................................................................................................
3,151 
3,151 
32 
0603043A 
AIR PLATFORM ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................
754 
754 
33 
0603044A 
SOLDIER ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ........................................................................................
890 
890 
34 
0603115A 
MEDICAL DEVELOPMENT .........................................................................................................
26,521 
26,521 
35 
0603116A 
LETHALITY ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ...................................................................................
8,066 
8,066 
36 
0603117A 
ARMY ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT .................................................................
76,815 
76,815 
37 
0603118A 
SOLDIER LETHALITY ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ..................................................................
107,966 
107,966 
38 
0603119A 
GROUND ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY .........................................................................................
23,403 
41,403 
Additive manufacturing capabilities for austere operating environments ..................................
[15,000 ] 
Permafrost research ....................................................................................................................
[3,000 ] 
39 
0603134A 
COUNTER IMPROVISED-THREAT SIMULATION ......................................................................
24,747 
24,747 
40 
0603386A 
BIOTECHNOLOGY FOR MATERIALS—ADVANCED RESEARCH ..............................................
53,736 
53,736 
41 
0603457A 
C3I CYBER ADVANCED DEVELOPMENT ..................................................................................
31,426 
31,426 
42 
0603461A 
HIGH PERFORMANCE COMPUTING MODERNIZATION PROGRAM ........................................
189,123 
194,123 
High performance computing modernization program ................................................................
[5,000 ] 
43 
0603462A 
NEXT GENERATION COMBAT VEHICLE ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY .....................................
164,951 
174,951 
Combat vehicle lithium battery development .............................................................................
[1,500 ] 
Cyber and connected vehicle integration research ......................................................................
[3,500 ] 
Robotics development ..................................................................................................................
[5,000 ] 
44 
0603463A 
NETWORK C3I ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................
155,867 
142,867 
Command post modernization .....................................................................................................
[2,000 ] 
Network technology research ......................................................................................................
[–15,000 ] 
45 
0603464A 
LONG RANGE PRECISION FIRES ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY .................................................
93,909 
98,909 
Advanced guidance technology ....................................................................................................
[5,000 ] 
46 
0603465A 
FUTURE VERTICAL LIFT ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ............................................................
179,677 
188,177 
Future Long Range Assault Aircraft ...........................................................................................
[3,500 ] 
Future vertical lift 20mm chain gun ............................................................................................
[5,000 ] 
47 
0603466A 
AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY .......................................................
48,826 
48,826 
48 
0603920A 
HUMANITARIAN DEMINING ......................................................................................................
8,649 
8,649 
SUBTOTAL ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ...........................................................
1,297,437 
1,330,937 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00125
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 136-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8668 
November 19, 2021 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line 
Program 
Element 
Item 
FY 2022 
Request 
Senate 
Authorized 
ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES 
49 
0603305A 
ARMY MISSILE DEFENSE SYSTEMS INTEGRATION ..............................................................
11,702 
11,702 
50 
0603308A 
ARMY SPACE SYSTEMS INTEGRATION ..................................................................................
18,755 
18,755 
52 
0603619A 
LANDMINE WARFARE AND BARRIER—ADV DEV ...................................................................
50,314 
50,314 
53 
0603639A 
TANK AND MEDIUM CALIBER AMMUNITION ..........................................................................
79,873 
79,873 
54 
0603645A 
ARMORED SYSTEM MODERNIZATION—ADV DEV ..................................................................
170,590 
170,590 
55 
0603747A 
SOLDIER SUPPORT AND SURVIVABILITY ..............................................................................
2,897 
2,897 
56 
0603766A 
TACTICAL ELECTRONIC SURVEILLANCE SYSTEM—ADV DEV .............................................
113,365 
113,365 
57 
0603774A 
NIGHT VISION SYSTEMS ADVANCED DEVELOPMENT ..........................................................
18,000 
21,804 
Army UFR—Soldier Maneuver Sensors .......................................................................................
[3,804 ] 
58 
0603779A 
ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY TECHNOLOGY—DEM/VAL .........................................................
11,921 
11,921 
59 
0603790A 
NATO RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT ...................................................................................
3,777 
3,777 
60 
0603801A 
AVIATION—ADV DEV .................................................................................................................
1,125,641 
1,125,641 
61 
0603804A 
LOGISTICS AND ENGINEER EQUIPMENT—ADV DEV .............................................................
7,055 
7,055 
62 
0603807A 
MEDICAL SYSTEMS—ADV DEV ................................................................................................
22,071 
22,071 
63 
0603827A 
SOLDIER SYSTEMS—ADVANCED DEVELOPMENT .................................................................
17,459 
20,359 
Development of anthropomorphic armor for female servicemembers .........................................
[2,900 ] 
64 
0604017A 
ROBOTICS DEVELOPMENT .......................................................................................................
87,198 
87,198 
65 
0604019A 
EXPANDED MISSION AREA MISSILE (EMAM) ........................................................................
50,674 
50,674 
67 
0604035A 
LOW EARTH ORBIT (LEO) SATELLITE CAPABILITY ..............................................................
19,638 
19,638 
68 
0604036A 
MULTI-DOMAIN SENSING SYSTEM (MDSS) ADV DEV ............................................................
50,548 
50,548 
69 
0604037A 
TACTICAL INTEL TARGETING ACCESS NODE (TITAN) ADV DEV .........................................
28,347 
28,347 
70 
0604100A 
ANALYSIS OF ALTERNATIVES ................................................................................................
10,091 
10,091 
71 
0604101A 
SMALL UNMANNED AERIAL VEHICLE (SUAV) (6.4) ...............................................................
926 
926 
72 
0604113A 
FUTURE TACTICAL UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEM (FTUAS) ............................................
69,697 
75,697 
Army UFR—Acceleration of FTUAS ...........................................................................................
[6,000 ] 
73 
0604114A 
LOWER TIER AIR MISSILE DEFENSE (LTAMD) SENSOR .......................................................
327,690 
327,690 
74 
0604115A 
TECHNOLOGY MATURATION INITIATIVES .............................................................................
270,124 
270,124 
75 
0604117A 
MANEUVER—SHORT RANGE AIR DEFENSE (M-SHORAD) .....................................................
39,376 
39,376 
76 
0604119A 
ARMY ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPING .....................................
189,483 
189,483 
77 
0604120A 
ASSURED POSITIONING, NAVIGATION AND TIMING (PNT) ..................................................
96,679 
96,679 
78 
0604121A 
SYNTHETIC TRAINING ENVIRONMENT REFINEMENT & PROTOTYPING ............................
194,195 
198,795 
Synthetic training enviroment ....................................................................................................
[4,600 ] 
79 
0604134A 
COUNTER IMPROVISED-THREAT DEMONSTRATION, PROTOTYPE DEVELOPMENT, AND 
TESTING.
13,379 
13,379 
80 
0604182A 
HYPERSONICS ............................................................................................................................
300,928 
300,928 
81 
0604403A 
FUTURE INTERCEPTOR ............................................................................................................
7,895 
7,895 
82 
0604531A 
COUNTER—SMALL UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEMS ADVANCED DEVELOPMENT ..........
19,148 
19,148 
83 
0604541A 
UNIFIED NETWORK TRANSPORT .............................................................................................
35,409 
35,409 
84 
0604644A 
MOBILE MEDIUM RANGE MISSILE ..........................................................................................
286,457 
286,457 
85 
0604785A 
INTEGRATED BASE DEFENSE (BUDGET ACTIVITY 4) ...........................................................
2,040 
2,040 
86 
0305251A 
CYBERSPACE OPERATIONS FORCES AND FORCE SUPPORT ................................................
52,988 
52,988 
SUBTOTAL ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES .................................
3,806,330 
3,823,634 
SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION 
89 
0604201A 
AIRCRAFT AVIONICS .................................................................................................................
6,654 
6,654 
90 
0604270A 
ELECTRONIC WARFARE DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................
30,840 
30,840 
91 
0604601A 
INFANTRY SUPPORT WEAPONS ..............................................................................................
67,873 
67,873 
92 
0604604A 
MEDIUM TACTICAL VEHICLES .................................................................................................
11,374 
11,374 
93 
0604611A 
JAVELIN .....................................................................................................................................
7,094 
7,094 
94 
0604622A 
FAMILY OF HEAVY TACTICAL VEHICLES ..............................................................................
31,602 
31,602 
95 
0604633A 
AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL ............................................................................................................
4,405 
4,405 
96 
0604642A 
LIGHT TACTICAL WHEELED VEHICLES ..................................................................................
2,055 
7,655 
Army UFR—Electric light reconnaissance vehicle ......................................................................
[5,600 ] 
97 
0604645A 
ARMORED SYSTEMS MODERNIZATION (ASM)—ENG DEV .....................................................
137,256 
137,256 
98 
0604710A 
NIGHT VISION SYSTEMS—ENG DEV ........................................................................................
62,690 
62,690 
99 
0604713A 
COMBAT FEEDING, CLOTHING, AND EQUIPMENT ..................................................................
1,658 
1,658 
100 
0604715A 
NON-SYSTEM TRAINING DEVICES—ENG DEV ........................................................................
26,540 
26,540 
101 
0604741A 
AIR DEFENSE COMMAND, CONTROL AND INTELLIGENCE—ENG DEV .................................
59,518 
59,518 
102 
0604742A 
CONSTRUCTIVE SIMULATION SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ....................................................
22,331 
22,331 
103 
0604746A 
AUTOMATIC TEST EQUIPMENT DEVELOPMENT ...................................................................
8,807 
8,807 
104 
0604760A 
DISTRIBUTIVE INTERACTIVE SIMULATIONS (DIS)—ENG DEV ............................................
7,453 
7,453 
107 
0604798A 
BRIGADE ANALYSIS, INTEGRATION AND EVALUATION ......................................................
21,534 
21,534 
108 
0604802A 
WEAPONS AND MUNITIONS—ENG DEV ...................................................................................
309,778 
309,778 
109 
0604804A 
LOGISTICS AND ENGINEER EQUIPMENT—ENG DEV .............................................................
59,261 
59,261 
110 
0604805A 
COMMAND, CONTROL, COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS—ENG DEV .........................................
20,121 
20,121 
111 
0604807A 
MEDICAL MATERIEL/MEDICAL BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE EQUIPMENT—ENG DEV ...............
44,424 
44,424 
112 
0604808A 
LANDMINE WARFARE/BARRIER—ENG DEV ...........................................................................
14,137 
14,137 
113 
0604818A 
ARMY TACTICAL COMMAND & CONTROL HARDWARE & SOFTWARE ..................................
162,704 
162,704 
114 
0604820A 
RADAR DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................................................
127,919 
127,919 
115 
0604822A 
GENERAL FUND ENTERPRISE BUSINESS SYSTEM (GFEBS) ................................................
17,623 
17,623 
117 
0604827A 
SOLDIER SYSTEMS—WARRIOR DEM/VAL ...............................................................................
6,454 
6,454 
118 
0604852A 
SUITE OF SURVIVABILITY ENHANCEMENT SYSTEMS—EMD ..............................................
106,354 
127,354 
Army UFR—Active protection systems for Bradley and Stryker ...............................................
[21,000 ] 
120 
0605013A 
INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT .......................................................................
122,168 
122,168 
121 
0605018A 
INTEGRATED PERSONNEL AND PAY SYSTEM-ARMY (IPPS-A) ............................................
76,936 
76,936 
122 
0605028A 
ARMORED MULTI-PURPOSE VEHICLE (AMPV) ......................................................................
35,560 
35,560 
124 
0605030A 
JOINT TACTICAL NETWORK CENTER (JTNC) .........................................................................
16,364 
16,364 
125 
0605031A 
JOINT TACTICAL NETWORK (JTN) ...........................................................................................
28,954 
28,954 
128 
0605035A 
COMMON INFRARED COUNTERMEASURES (CIRCM) ..............................................................
16,630 
16,630 
130 
0605038A 
NUCLEAR BIOLOGICAL CHEMICAL RECONNAISSANCE VEHICLE (NBCRV) SENSOR 
SUITE.
7,618 
7,618 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00126
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 137-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8669 
November 19, 2021 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line 
Program 
Element 
Item 
FY 2022 
Request 
Senate 
Authorized 
131 
0605041A 
DEFENSIVE CYBER TOOL DEVELOPMENT .............................................................................
18,892 
13,892 
Cyber situational understanding reduction .................................................................................
[–5,000 ] 
132 
0605042A 
TACTICAL NETWORK RADIO SYSTEMS (LOW-TIER) ..............................................................
28,849 
28,849 
133 
0605047A 
CONTRACT WRITING SYSTEM ..................................................................................................
22,960 
12,960 
Program reduction .......................................................................................................................
[–10,000 ] 
135 
0605051A 
AIRCRAFT SURVIVABILITY DEVELOPMENT .........................................................................
65,603 
65,603 
136 
0605052A 
INDIRECT FIRE PROTECTION CAPABILITY INC 2—BLOCK 1 .................................................
233,512 
233,512 
137 
0605053A 
GROUND ROBOTICS ...................................................................................................................
18,241 
18,241 
138 
0605054A 
EMERGING TECHNOLOGY INITIATIVES ..................................................................................
254,945 
254,945 
139 
0605143A 
BIOMETRICS ENABLING CAPABILITY (BEC) ..........................................................................
4,326 
4,326 
140 
0605144A 
NEXT GENERATION LOAD DEVICE—MEDIUM ........................................................................
15,616 
15,616 
141 
0605145A 
MEDICAL PRODUCTS AND SUPPORT SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT .........................................
962 
962 
142 
0605148A 
TACTICAL INTEL TARGETING ACCESS NODE (TITAN) EMD .................................................
54,972 
54,972 
143 
0605203A 
ARMY SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION ...........................................................
122,175 
122,175 
144 
0605205A 
SMALL UNMANNED AERIAL VEHICLE (SUAV) (6.5) ...............................................................
2,275 
2,275 
145 
0605224A 
MULTI-DOMAIN INTELLIGENCE ..............................................................................................
9,313 
9,313 
146 
0605225A 
SIO CAPABILITY DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................................
22,713 
22,713 
147 
0605231A 
PRECISION STRIKE MISSILE (PRSM) ......................................................................................
188,452 
188,452 
148 
0605232A 
HYPERSONICS EMD ...................................................................................................................
111,473 
111,473 
149 
0605233A 
ACCESSIONS INFORMATION ENVIRONMENT (AIE) ................................................................
18,790 
18,790 
150 
0605450A 
JOINT AIR-TO-GROUND MISSILE (JAGM) ................................................................................
2,134 
2,134 
151 
0605457A 
ARMY INTEGRATED AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE (AIAMD) ..................................................
157,873 
157,873 
152 
0605531A 
COUNTER—SMALL UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEMS SYS DEV & DEMONSTRATION .......
33,386 
33,386 
153 
0605625A 
MANNED GROUND VEHICLE .....................................................................................................
225,106 
225,106 
154 
0605766A 
NATIONAL CAPABILITIES INTEGRATION (MIP) .....................................................................
14,454 
14,454 
155 
0605812A 
JOINT LIGHT TACTICAL VEHICLE (JLTV) ENGINEERING AND MANUFACTURING DE-
VELOPMENT PH.
2,564 
2,564 
156 
0605830A 
AVIATION GROUND SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ............................................................................
1,201 
1,201 
157 
0303032A 
TROJAN—RH12 ............................................................................................................................
3,362 
3,362 
161 
0304270A 
ELECTRONIC WARFARE DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................
75,520 
92,360 
Army UFR—Terrestrial Layer System (TLS) Echelon Above Brigade (EAB) .............................
[16,840 ] 
SUBTOTAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION ......................................................
3,392,358 
3,420,798 
MANAGEMENT SUPPORT 
162 
0604256A 
THREAT SIMULATOR DEVELOPMENT ....................................................................................
18,439 
18,439 
163 
0604258A 
TARGET SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT .........................................................................................
17,404 
17,404 
164 
0604759A 
MAJOR T&E INVESTMENT ........................................................................................................
68,139 
68,139 
165 
0605103A 
RAND ARROYO CENTER ............................................................................................................
33,126 
33,126 
166 
0605301A 
ARMY KWAJALEIN ATOLL .......................................................................................................
240,877 
267,877 
Army UFR—Preserve Kwajalein Atoll quality of life ..................................................................
[27,000 ] 
167 
0605326A 
CONCEPTS EXPERIMENTATION PROGRAM ............................................................................
79,710 
79,710 
169 
0605601A 
ARMY TEST RANGES AND FACILITIES ...................................................................................
354,227 
354,227 
170 
0605602A 
ARMY TECHNICAL TEST INSTRUMENTATION AND TARGETS .............................................
49,253 
49,253 
171 
0605604A 
SURVIVABILITY/LETHALITY ANALYSIS ................................................................................
36,389 
36,389 
172 
0605606A 
AIRCRAFT CERTIFICATION ......................................................................................................
2,489 
2,489 
173 
0605702A 
METEOROLOGICAL SUPPORT TO RDT&E ACTIVITIES ..........................................................
6,689 
6,689 
174 
0605706A 
MATERIEL SYSTEMS ANALYSIS .............................................................................................
21,558 
21,558 
175 
0605709A 
EXPLOITATION OF FOREIGN ITEMS .......................................................................................
13,631 
13,631 
176 
0605712A 
SUPPORT OF OPERATIONAL TESTING ....................................................................................
55,122 
55,122 
177 
0605716A 
ARMY EVALUATION CENTER ...................................................................................................
65,854 
65,854 
178 
0605718A 
ARMY MODELING & SIM X-CMD COLLABORATION & INTEG ................................................
2,633 
2,633 
179 
0605801A 
PROGRAMWIDE ACTIVITIES ....................................................................................................
96,589 
96,589 
180 
0605803A 
TECHNICAL INFORMATION ACTIVITIES .................................................................................
26,808 
26,808 
181 
0605805A 
MUNITIONS STANDARDIZATION, EFFECTIVENESS AND SAFETY .......................................
43,042 
43,042 
182 
0605857A 
ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY TECHNOLOGY MGMT SUPPORT ..............................................
1,789 
1,789 
183 
0605898A 
ARMY DIRECT REPORT HEADQUARTERS—R&D - MHA .........................................................
52,108 
52,108 
185 
0606002A 
RONALD REAGAN BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE TEST SITE ..............................................
80,952 
80,952 
186 
0606003A 
COUNTERINTEL AND HUMAN INTEL MODERNIZATION ........................................................
5,363 
5,363 
187 
0606105A 
MEDICAL PROGRAM-WIDE ACTIVITIES ..................................................................................
39,041 
39,041 
188 
0606942A 
ASSESSMENTS AND EVALUATIONS CYBER VULNERABILITIES .........................................
5,466 
5,466 
SUBTOTAL MANAGEMENT SUPPORT ........................................................................................
1,416,698 
1,443,698 
OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT 
190 
0603778A 
MLRS PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM ...........................................................................
12,314 
12,314 
191 
0605024A 
ANTI-TAMPER TECHNOLOGY SUPPORT .................................................................................
8,868 
8,868 
192 
0607131A 
WEAPONS AND MUNITIONS PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAMS ....................................
22,828 
22,828 
194 
0607136A 
BLACKHAWK PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM ..............................................................
4,773 
4,773 
195 
0607137A 
CHINOOK PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM .....................................................................
52,372 
70,372 
CH–47 Chinook cargo on/off loading system .................................................................................
[8,000 ] 
Program increase .........................................................................................................................
[10,000 ] 
196 
0607139A 
IMPROVED TURBINE ENGINE PROGRAM ................................................................................
275,024 
275,024 
197 
0607142A 
AVIATION ROCKET SYSTEM PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT AND DEVELOPMENT ...................
12,417 
12,417 
198 
0607143A 
UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEM UNIVERSAL PRODUCTS ....................................................
4,594 
4,594 
199 
0607145A 
APACHE FUTURE DEVELOPMENT ...........................................................................................
10,067 
25,067 
Program increase .........................................................................................................................
[15,000 ] 
200 
0607148A 
AN/TPQ–53 COUNTERFIRE TARGET ACQUISITION RADAR SYSTEM .....................................
56,681 
56,681 
201 
0607150A 
INTEL CYBER DEVELOPMENT .................................................................................................
3,611 
12,471 
Army UFR—Cyber-Info Dominance Center .................................................................................
[8,860 ] 
202 
0607312A 
ARMY OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ..................................................................
28,029 
28,029 
203 
0607313A 
ELECTRONIC WARFARE DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................
5,673 
5,673 
204 
0607665A 
FAMILY OF BIOMETRICS ..........................................................................................................
1,178 
1,178 
205 
0607865A 
PATRIOT PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT ........................................................................................
125,932 
125,932 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00127
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 138-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8670 
November 19, 2021 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line 
Program 
Element 
Item 
FY 2022 
Request 
Senate 
Authorized 
206 
0203728A 
JOINT AUTOMATED DEEP OPERATION COORDINATION SYSTEM (JADOCS) ......................
25,547 
25,547 
207 
0203735A 
COMBAT VEHICLE IMPROVEMENT PROGRAMS .....................................................................
211,523 
275,623 
Abrams tank modernization ........................................................................................................
[64,100 ] 
208 
0203743A 
155MM SELF-PROPELLED HOWITZER IMPROVEMENTS ........................................................
213,281 
213,281 
210 
0203752A 
AIRCRAFT ENGINE COMPONENT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM ...............................................
132 
132 
211 
0203758A 
DIGITIZATION ............................................................................................................................
3,936 
3,936 
212 
0203801A 
MISSILE/AIR DEFENSE PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM .............................................
127 
127 
213 
0203802A 
OTHER MISSILE PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAMS .......................................................
10,265 
10,265 
214 
0205412A 
ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY TECHNOLOGY—OPERATIONAL SYSTEM DEV ........................
262 
262 
215 
0205456A 
LOWER TIER AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE (AMD) SYSTEM ...................................................
182 
182 
216 
0205778A 
GUIDED MULTIPLE-LAUNCH ROCKET SYSTEM (GMLRS) .....................................................
63,937 
63,937 
217 
0208053A 
JOINT TACTICAL GROUND SYSTEM ........................................................................................
13,379 
13,379 
219 
0303028A 
SECURITY AND INTELLIGENCE ACTIVITIES ..........................................................................
24,531 
24,531 
220 
0303140A 
INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM ....................................................................
15,720 
10,720 
Identity, credentialing, and access management reduction ........................................................
[–5,000 ] 
221 
0303141A 
GLOBAL COMBAT SUPPORT SYSTEM ......................................................................................
52,739 
61,739 
Army UFR—ERP convergence/modernization .............................................................................
[9,000 ] 
222 
0303142A 
SATCOM GROUND ENVIRONMENT (SPACE) ............................................................................
15,247 
15,247 
226 
0305179A 
INTEGRATED BROADCAST SERVICE (IBS) ..............................................................................
5,430 
5,430 
227 
0305204A 
TACTICAL UNMANNED AERIAL VEHICLES ............................................................................
8,410 
8,410 
228 
0305206A 
AIRBORNE RECONNAISSANCE SYSTEMS ................................................................................
24,460 
24,460 
233 
0307665A 
BIOMETRICS ENABLED INTELLIGENCE ..................................................................................
2,066 
2,066 
234 
0708045A 
END ITEM INDUSTRIAL PREPAREDNESS ACTIVITIES .........................................................
61,720 
61,720 
999 
9999999999 
CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ...........................................................................................................
2,993 
2,993 
SUBTOTAL OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT .............................................................
1,380,248 
1,490,208 
SOFTWARE AND DIGITAL TECHNOLOGY PILOT PROGRAMS 
237 
0608041A 
DEFENSIVE CYBER—SOFTWARE PROTOTYPE DEVELOPMENT ...........................................
118,811 
118,811 
SUBTOTAL SOFTWARE AND DIGITAL TECHNOLOGY PILOT PROGRAMS ...............................
118,811 
118,811 
TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, ARMY ......................................................
12,799,645 
13,105,849 
RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, NAVY 
BASIC RESEARCH 
1 
0601103N 
UNIVERSITY RESEARCH INITIATIVES ....................................................................................
117,448 
150,448 
High-performance computation and data equipment ..................................................................
[3,000 ] 
University research programs ......................................................................................................
[30,000 ] 
3 
0601153N 
DEFENSE RESEARCH SCIENCES ..............................................................................................
484,421 
484,421 
SUBTOTAL BASIC RESEARCH ....................................................................................................
601,869 
634,869 
APPLIED RESEARCH 
4 
0602114N 
POWER PROJECTION APPLIED RESEARCH ............................................................................
23,013 
26,013 
Graphene electro-active metamaterials ......................................................................................
[3,000 ] 
5 
0602123N 
FORCE PROTECTION APPLIED RESEARCH .............................................................................
122,888 
127,888 
Relative positioning of autonomous platforms ............................................................................
[3,000 ] 
Resilient Innovative Sustainable Economies via University Partnerships (RISE-UP) ...............
[2,000 ] 
6 
0602131M 
MARINE CORPS LANDING FORCE TECHNOLOGY ...................................................................
51,112 
51,112 
7 
0602235N 
COMMON PICTURE APPLIED RESEARCH ................................................................................
51,477 
51,477 
8 
0602236N 
WARFIGHTER SUSTAINMENT APPLIED RESEARCH .............................................................
70,547 
76,047 
Anti-corrosion nanotechnologies .................................................................................................
[3,000 ] 
Humanoid robotics research ........................................................................................................
[2,500 ] 
9 
0602271N 
ELECTROMAGNETIC SYSTEMS APPLIED RESEARCH ...........................................................
85,157 
85,157 
10 
0602435N 
OCEAN WARFIGHTING ENVIRONMENT APPLIED RESEARCH ..............................................
70,086 
70,086 
11 
0602651M 
JOINT NON-LETHAL WEAPONS APPLIED RESEARCH ...........................................................
6,405 
6,405 
12 
0602747N 
UNDERSEA WARFARE APPLIED RESEARCH ..........................................................................
57,484 
79,484 
Undersea vehicle research academic partnerships .......................................................................
[12,000 ] 
Undersea warfare applied research ..............................................................................................
[10,000 ] 
13 
0602750N 
FUTURE NAVAL CAPABILITIES APPLIED RESEARCH ..........................................................
173,356 
173,356 
14 
0602782N 
MINE AND EXPEDITIONARY WARFARE APPLIED RESEARCH .............................................
32,160 
32,160 
15 
0602792N 
INNOVATIVE NAVAL PROTOTYPES (INP) APPLIED RESEARCH ..........................................
152,976 
152,976 
16 
0602861N 
SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY MANAGEMENT—ONR FIELD ACITIVITIES .............................
79,254 
79,254 
SUBTOTAL APPLIED RESEARCH ...............................................................................................
975,915 
1,011,415 
ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT 
17 
0603123N 
FORCE PROTECTION ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ....................................................................
21,661 
21,661 
18 
0603271N 
ELECTROMAGNETIC SYSTEMS ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ..................................................
8,146 
8,146 
19 
0603640M 
USMC ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEMONSTRATION (ATD) ...................................................
224,155 
244,455 
Marine Corps UFR—Maritime Targeting Cell-Expeditionary .....................................................
[5,300 ] 
Marine Corps UFR—Unmanned adversary technology investment .............................................
[10,000 ] 
Unmanned systems interoperability ............................................................................................
[5,000 ] 
20 
0603651M 
JOINT NON-LETHAL WEAPONS TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ...........................................
13,429 
13,429 
21 
0603673N 
FUTURE NAVAL CAPABILITIES ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT .....................
265,299 
265,299 
22 
0603680N 
MANUFACTURING TECHNOLOGY PROGRAM ..........................................................................
57,236 
57,236 
23 
0603729N 
WARFIGHTER PROTECTION ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ........................................................
4,935 
4,935 
24 
0603758N 
NAVY WARFIGHTING EXPERIMENTS AND DEMONSTRATIONS ...........................................
47,167 
47,167 
25 
0603782N 
MINE AND EXPEDITIONARY WARFARE ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY .....................................
1,981 
1,981 
26 
0603801N 
INNOVATIVE NAVAL PROTOTYPES (INP) ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ......
133,779 
113,779 
Naval prototypes reduction .........................................................................................................
[–20,000 ] 
SUBTOTAL ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ...........................................................
777,788 
778,088 
ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES 
27 
0603128N 
UNMANNED AERIAL SYSTEM ..................................................................................................
16,879 
61,879 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00128
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 139-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8671 
November 19, 2021 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line 
Program 
Element 
Item 
FY 2022 
Request 
Senate 
Authorized 
Marine Corps UFR—MQ–9 payload upgrade .................................................................................
[20,000 ] 
Medium-altitude, long-endurance manned-unmanned experimentation .....................................
[25,000 ] 
28 
0603178N 
MEDIUM AND LARGE UNMANNED SURFACE VEHICLES (USVS) ..........................................
144,846 
144,846 
29 
0603207N 
AIR/OCEAN TACTICAL APPLICATIONS ....................................................................................
27,849 
27,849 
30 
0603216N 
AVIATION SURVIVABILITY ......................................................................................................
16,815 
16,815 
31 
0603239N 
NAVAL CONSTRUCTION FORCES .............................................................................................
5,290 
5,290 
33 
0603254N 
ASW SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ...............................................................................................
17,612 
17,612 
34 
0603261N 
TACTICAL AIRBORNE RECONNAISSANCE ...............................................................................
3,111 
3,111 
35 
0603382N 
ADVANCED COMBAT SYSTEMS TECHNOLOGY .......................................................................
32,310 
32,310 
36 
0603502N 
SURFACE AND SHALLOW WATER MINE COUNTERMEASURES ............................................
58,013 
58,013 
37 
0603506N 
SURFACE SHIP TORPEDO DEFENSE ........................................................................................
1,862 
1,862 
38 
0603512N 
CARRIER SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT .......................................................................................
7,182 
7,182 
39 
0603525N 
PILOT FISH .................................................................................................................................
408,087 
484,687 
Navy UFR—Classified ..................................................................................................................
[76,600 ] 
40 
0603527N 
RETRACT LARCH .......................................................................................................................
44,197 
44,197 
41 
0603536N 
RETRACT JUNIPER ....................................................................................................................
144,541 
144,541 
42 
0603542N 
RADIOLOGICAL CONTROL .........................................................................................................
761 
761 
43 
0603553N 
SURFACE ASW ............................................................................................................................
1,144 
1,144 
44 
0603561N 
ADVANCED SUBMARINE SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT ...............................................................
99,782 
99,782 
45 
0603562N 
SUBMARINE TACTICAL WARFARE SYSTEMS ........................................................................
14,059 
14,059 
46 
0603563N 
SHIP CONCEPT ADVANCED DESIGN ........................................................................................
111,590 
111,590 
47 
0603564N 
SHIP PRELIMINARY DESIGN & FEASIBILITY STUDIES ........................................................
106,957 
106,957 
48 
0603570N 
ADVANCED NUCLEAR POWER SYSTEMS ................................................................................
203,572 
203,572 
49 
0603573N 
ADVANCED SURFACE MACHINERY SYSTEMS ........................................................................
78,122 
78,122 
50 
0603576N 
CHALK EAGLE ............................................................................................................................
80,270 
80,270 
51 
0603581N 
LITTORAL COMBAT SHIP (LCS) ................................................................................................
84,924 
84,924 
52 
0603582N 
COMBAT SYSTEM INTEGRATION .............................................................................................
17,322 
17,322 
53 
0603595N 
OHIO REPLACEMENT .................................................................................................................
296,231 
296,231 
54 
0603596N 
LCS MISSION MODULES ............................................................................................................
75,995 
75,995 
55 
0603597N 
AUTOMATED TEST AND RE-TEST (ATRT) ..............................................................................
7,805 
7,805 
56 
0603599N 
FRIGATE DEVELOPMENT .........................................................................................................
109,459 
109,459 
57 
0603609N 
CONVENTIONAL MUNITIONS ....................................................................................................
7,296 
7,296 
58 
0603635M 
MARINE CORPS GROUND COMBAT/SUPPORT SYSTEM .........................................................
77,065 
77,065 
59 
0603654N 
JOINT SERVICE EXPLOSIVE ORDNANCE DEVELOPMENT ....................................................
34,785 
34,785 
60 
0603713N 
OCEAN ENGINEERING TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ..........................................................
8,774 
8,774 
61 
0603721N 
ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION ..............................................................................................
20,677 
20,677 
62 
0603724N 
NAVY ENERGY PROGRAM ........................................................................................................
33,824 
33,824 
63 
0603725N 
FACILITIES IMPROVEMENT .....................................................................................................
6,327 
6,327 
64 
0603734N 
CHALK CORAL ............................................................................................................................
579,389 
579,389 
65 
0603739N 
NAVY LOGISTIC PRODUCTIVITY .............................................................................................
669 
669 
66 
0603746N 
RETRACT MAPLE .......................................................................................................................
295,295 
295,295 
67 
0603748N 
LINK PLUMERIA ........................................................................................................................
692,280 
692,280 
68 
0603751N 
RETRACT ELM ...........................................................................................................................
83,904 
83,904 
69 
0603764M 
LINK EVERGREEN .....................................................................................................................
221,253 
264,453 
Marine Corps UFR—Additional development ..............................................................................
[43,200 ] 
71 
0603790N 
NATO RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT ...................................................................................
5,805 
5,805 
72 
0603795N 
LAND ATTACK TECHNOLOGY ...................................................................................................
4,017 
4,017 
73 
0603851M 
JOINT NON-LETHAL WEAPONS TESTING ................................................................................
29,589 
29,589 
74 
0603860N 
JOINT PRECISION APPROACH AND LANDING SYSTEMS—DEM/VAL ...................................
24,450 
24,450 
75 
0603925N 
DIRECTED ENERGY AND ELECTRIC WEAPON SYSTEMS ......................................................
81,803 
170,103 
Navy UFR—HELIOS SNLWS Increment1.5 ..................................................................................
[88,300 ] 
76 
0604014N 
F/A –18 INFRARED SEARCH AND TRACK (IRST) ......................................................................
48,793 
48,793 
77 
0604027N 
DIGITAL WARFARE OFFICE .....................................................................................................
46,769 
58,269 
Navy UFR—Accelerate Naval Tactical Grid Development for Joint All-Domain Command and 
Control (JADC2).
[11,500 ] 
78 
0604028N 
SMALL AND MEDIUM UNMANNED UNDERSEA VEHICLES ....................................................
84,676 
84,676 
79 
0604029N 
UNMANNED UNDERSEA VEHICLE CORE TECHNOLOGIES .....................................................
59,299 
59,299 
81 
0604031N 
LARGE UNMANNED UNDERSEA VEHICLES ............................................................................
88,063 
88,063 
82 
0604112N 
GERALD R. FORD CLASS NUCLEAR AIRCRAFT CARRIER (CVN 78—80) ................................
121,509 
121,509 
83 
0604126N 
LITTORAL AIRBORNE MCM ......................................................................................................
18,669 
18,669 
84 
0604127N 
SURFACE MINE COUNTERMEASURES .....................................................................................
13,655 
13,655 
85 
0604272N 
TACTICAL AIR DIRECTIONAL INFRARED COUNTERMEASURES (TADIRCM) ......................
33,246 
33,246 
86 
0604289M 
NEXT GENERATION LOGISTICS ...............................................................................................
1,071 
1,071 
87 
0604292N 
FUTURE VERTICAL LIFT (MARITIME STRIKE) ......................................................................
9,825 
9,825 
88 
0604320M 
RAPID TECHNOLOGY CAPABILITY PROTOTYPE ....................................................................
6,555 
6,555 
89 
0604454N 
LX (R) ..........................................................................................................................................
3,344 
3,344 
90 
0604536N 
ADVANCED UNDERSEA PROTOTYPING ...................................................................................
58,473 
58,473 
91 
0604636N 
COUNTER UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEMS (C-UAS) ............................................................
5,529 
5,529 
92 
0604659N 
PRECISION STRIKE WEAPONS DEVELOPMENT PROGRAM ...................................................
97,944 
97,944 
93 
0604707N 
SPACE AND ELECTRONIC WARFARE (SEW) ARCHITECTURE/ENGINEERING SUPPORT ....
9,340 
9,340 
94 
0604786N 
OFFENSIVE ANTI-SURFACE WARFARE WEAPON DEVELOPMENT ......................................
127,756 
127,756 
95 
0605512N 
MEDIUM UNMANNED SURFACE VEHICLES (MUSVS)) ...........................................................
60,028 
60,028 
96 
0605513N 
UNMANNED SURFACE VEHICLE ENABLING CAPABILITIES .................................................
170,838 
170,838 
97 
0605514M 
GROUND BASED ANTI-SHIP MISSILE (MARFORRES) ............................................................
102,716 
102,716 
98 
0605516M 
LONG RANGE FIRES (MARFORRES) ........................................................................................
88,479 
88,479 
99 
0605518N 
CONVENTIONAL PROMPT STRIKE (CPS) .................................................................................
1,372,340 
1,498,340 
Navy UFR—Additional CPS development ...................................................................................
[126,000 ] 
100 
0303354N 
ASW SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT—MIP ......................................................................................
8,571 
8,571 
101 
0304240M 
ADVANCED TACTICAL UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEM ......................................................
16,204 
16,204 
102 
0304270N 
ELECTRONIC WARFARE DEVELOPMENT—MIP ......................................................................
506 
506 
SUBTOTAL ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES .................................
7,077,987 
7,468,587 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00129
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 140-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8672 
November 19, 2021 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line 
Program 
Element 
Item 
FY 2022 
Request 
Senate 
Authorized 
SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION 
103 
0603208N 
TRAINING SYSTEM AIRCRAFT ................................................................................................
5,864 
5,864 
104 
0604212N 
OTHER HELO DEVELOPMENT ..................................................................................................
56,444 
56,444 
105 
0604214M 
AV–8B AIRCRAFT—ENG DEV .....................................................................................................
10,146 
10,146 
106 
0604215N 
STANDARDS DEVELOPMENT ...................................................................................................
4,082 
4,082 
107 
0604216N 
MULTI-MISSION HELICOPTER UPGRADE DEVELOPMENT ...................................................
46,418 
46,418 
108 
0604221N 
P–3 MODERNIZATION PROGRAM ..............................................................................................
579 
579 
109 
0604230N 
WARFARE SUPPORT SYSTEM ..................................................................................................
10,167 
10,167 
110 
0604231N 
COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEMS .......................................................................................
122,913 
162,113 
Navy UFR—Naval Operational Business Logistics Enterprise (NOBLE) .....................................
[39,200 ] 
111 
0604234N 
ADVANCED HAWKEYE ...............................................................................................................
386,860 
386,860 
112 
0604245M 
H–1 UPGRADES ...........................................................................................................................
50,158 
50,158 
113 
0604261N 
ACOUSTIC SEARCH SENSORS ...................................................................................................
46,066 
46,066 
114 
0604262N 
V–22A ...........................................................................................................................................
107,984 
107,984 
115 
0604264N 
AIR CREW SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ......................................................................................
22,746 
22,746 
116 
0604269N 
EA–18 ............................................................................................................................................
68,425 
68,425 
117 
0604270N 
ELECTRONIC WARFARE DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................
139,535 
151,535 
Marine Corps UFR—Integration of EM spectrum ops into AN/ALQ–231(V) .................................
[6,500 ] 
Marine Corps UFR—Integration of multi-domain capabilities into AN/ALQ–231(V) ...................
[5,500 ] 
118 
0604273M 
EXECUTIVE HELO DEVELOPMENT ..........................................................................................
45,932 
45,932 
119 
0604274N 
NEXT GENERATION JAMMER (NGJ) ........................................................................................
243,923 
243,923 
120 
0604280N 
JOINT TACTICAL RADIO SYSTEM—NAVY (JTRS-NAVY) .......................................................
234,434 
242,734 
Navy UFR—Accelerate Naval Tactical Grid Development for Joint All-Domain Command and 
Control (JADC2).
[8,300 ] 
121 
0604282N 
NEXT GENERATION JAMMER (NGJ) INCREMENT II ..............................................................
248,096 
248,096 
122 
0604307N 
SURFACE COMBATANT COMBAT SYSTEM ENGINEERING ....................................................
371,575 
371,575 
123 
0604311N 
LPD–17 CLASS SYSTEMS INTEGRATION .................................................................................
904 
904 
124 
0604329N 
SMALL DIAMETER BOMB (SDB) ...............................................................................................
46,769 
46,769 
125 
0604366N 
STANDARD MISSILE IMPROVEMENTS ....................................................................................
343,511 
343,511 
126 
0604373N 
AIRBORNE MCM .........................................................................................................................
10,881 
10,881 
127 
0604378N 
NAVAL INTEGRATED FIRE CONTROL—COUNTER AIR SYSTEMS ENGINEERING ...............
46,121 
59,121 
Stratospheric balloon research ....................................................................................................
[13,000 ] 
128 
0604419N 
ADVANCED SENSORS APPLICATION PROGRAM (ASAP) .......................................................
0 
15,000 
Program increase .........................................................................................................................
[15,000 ] 
129 
0604501N 
ADVANCED ABOVE WATER SENSORS .....................................................................................
77,852 
77,852 
130 
0604503N 
SSN–688 AND TRIDENT MODERNIZATION ................................................................................
95,693 
95,693 
131 
0604504N 
AIR CONTROL .............................................................................................................................
27,499 
27,499 
132 
0604512N 
SHIPBOARD AVIATION SYSTEMS ............................................................................................
8,924 
8,924 
133 
0604518N 
COMBAT INFORMATION CENTER CONVERSION .....................................................................
11,631 
11,631 
134 
0604522N 
AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE RADAR (AMDR) SYSTEM ..........................................................
96,556 
96,556 
135 
0604530N 
ADVANCED ARRESTING GEAR (AAG) ......................................................................................
147 
147 
136 
0604558N 
NEW DESIGN SSN .......................................................................................................................
503,252 
503,252 
137 
0604562N 
SUBMARINE TACTICAL WARFARE SYSTEM ...........................................................................
62,115 
62,115 
138 
0604567N 
SHIP CONTRACT DESIGN/ LIVE FIRE T&E ..............................................................................
54,829 
54,829 
139 
0604574N 
NAVY TACTICAL COMPUTER RESOURCES .............................................................................
4,290 
4,290 
140 
0604601N 
MINE DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................................................
76,027 
76,027 
141 
0604610N 
LIGHTWEIGHT TORPEDO DEVELOPMENT ..............................................................................
94,386 
94,386 
142 
0604654N 
JOINT SERVICE EXPLOSIVE ORDNANCE DEVELOPMENT ....................................................
8,348 
8,348 
143 
0604657M 
USMC GROUND COMBAT/SUPPORTING ARMS SYSTEMS—ENG DEV ....................................
42,144 
42,144 
144 
0604703N 
PERSONNEL, TRAINING, SIMULATION, AND HUMAN FACTORS ..........................................
7,375 
7,375 
146 
0604755N 
SHIP SELF DEFENSE (DETECT & CONTROL) ..........................................................................
149,433 
149,433 
147 
0604756N 
SHIP SELF DEFENSE (ENGAGE: HARD KILL) .........................................................................
87,862 
87,862 
148 
0604757N 
SHIP SELF DEFENSE (ENGAGE: SOFT KILL/EW) ....................................................................
69,006 
69,006 
149 
0604761N 
INTELLIGENCE ENGINEERING .................................................................................................
20,684 
20,684 
150 
0604771N 
MEDICAL DEVELOPMENT .........................................................................................................
3,967 
3,967 
151 
0604777N 
NAVIGATION/ID SYSTEM ..........................................................................................................
48,837 
48,837 
152 
0604800M 
JOINT STRIKE FIGHTER (JSF)—EMD ......................................................................................
577 
577 
153 
0604800N 
JOINT STRIKE FIGHTER (JSF)—EMD ......................................................................................
262 
262 
154 
0604850N 
SSN(X) .........................................................................................................................................
29,829 
55,629 
Navy UFR—SSN(X) non-propulsion development ........................................................................
[25,800 ] 
155 
0605013M 
INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT .......................................................................
11,277 
11,277 
156 
0605013N 
INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT .......................................................................
243,828 
233,828 
Contract writing systems reduction ............................................................................................
[–10,000 ] 
157 
0605024N 
ANTI-TAMPER TECHNOLOGY SUPPORT .................................................................................
8,426 
8,426 
158 
0605180N 
TACAMO MODERNIZATION .......................................................................................................
150,592 
517,792 
Navy UFR—Acceleration of EC–130J–30 TACAMO Recapitalization ............................................
[367,200 ] 
159 
0605212M 
CH–53K RDTE ..............................................................................................................................
256,903 
256,903 
160 
0605215N 
MISSION PLANNING ..................................................................................................................
88,128 
88,128 
161 
0605217N 
COMMON AVIONICS ...................................................................................................................
60,117 
92,017 
Marine Corps UFR—MANGL Digital Interoperability .................................................................
[31,900 ] 
162 
0605220N 
SHIP TO SHORE CONNECTOR (SSC) ..........................................................................................
6,320 
6,320 
163 
0605327N 
T-AO 205 CLASS ...........................................................................................................................
4,336 
4,336 
164 
0605414N 
UNMANNED CARRIER AVIATION (UCA) ...................................................................................
268,937 
355,937 
Navy UFR—MQ–25 Emissions Control and Manned-Unmanned Teaming ....................................
[87,000 ] 
165 
0605450M 
JOINT AIR-TO-GROUND MISSILE (JAGM) ................................................................................
356 
356 
166 
0605500N 
MULTI-MISSION MARITIME AIRCRAFT (MMA) .......................................................................
27,279 
27,279 
167 
0605504N 
MULTI-MISSION MARITIME (MMA) INCREMENT III ...............................................................
173,784 
173,784 
168 
0605611M 
MARINE CORPS ASSAULT VEHICLES SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION .......
80,709 
80,709 
169 
0605813M 
JOINT LIGHT TACTICAL VEHICLE (JLTV) SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION 
2,005 
2,005 
170 
0204202N 
DDG–1000 ......................................................................................................................................
112,576 
112,576 
174 
0304785N 
ISR & INFO OPERATIONS ..........................................................................................................
136,140 
136,140 
175 
0306250M 
CYBER OPERATIONS TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ............................................................
26,318 
26,318 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00130
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 141-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8673 
November 19, 2021 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line 
Program 
Element 
Item 
FY 2022 
Request 
Senate 
Authorized 
SUBTOTAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION ......................................................
5,910,089 
6,499,489 
MANAGEMENT SUPPORT 
176 
0604256N 
THREAT SIMULATOR DEVELOPMENT ....................................................................................
20,862 
20,862 
177 
0604258N 
TARGET SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT .........................................................................................
12,113 
12,113 
178 
0604759N 
MAJOR T&E INVESTMENT ........................................................................................................
84,617 
84,617 
179 
0605152N 
STUDIES AND ANALYSIS SUPPORT—NAVY ...........................................................................
3,108 
3,108 
180 
0605154N 
CENTER FOR NAVAL ANALYSES .............................................................................................
38,590 
38,590 
183 
0605804N 
TECHNICAL INFORMATION SERVICES ....................................................................................
934 
934 
184 
0605853N 
MANAGEMENT, TECHNICAL & INTERNATIONAL SUPPORT .................................................
93,966 
93,966 
185 
0605856N 
STRATEGIC TECHNICAL SUPPORT ..........................................................................................
3,538 
3,538 
186 
0605863N 
RDT&E SHIP AND AIRCRAFT SUPPORT ..................................................................................
135,149 
135,149 
187 
0605864N 
TEST AND EVALUATION SUPPORT .........................................................................................
429,277 
429,277 
188 
0605865N 
OPERATIONAL TEST AND EVALUATION CAPABILITY ..........................................................
24,872 
24,872 
189 
0605866N 
NAVY SPACE AND ELECTRONIC WARFARE (SEW) SUPPORT ...............................................
17,653 
17,653 
190 
0605867N 
SEW SURVEILLANCE/RECONNAISSANCE SUPPORT ..............................................................
8,065 
8,065 
191 
0605873M 
MARINE CORPS PROGRAM WIDE SUPPORT ............................................................................
47,042 
47,042 
192 
0605898N 
MANAGEMENT HQ—R&D ...........................................................................................................
35,614 
35,614 
193 
0606355N 
WARFARE INNOVATION MANAGEMENT .................................................................................
38,958 
38,958 
194 
0305327N 
INSIDER THREAT .......................................................................................................................
2,581 
2,581 
195 
0902498N 
MANAGEMENT HEADQUARTERS (DEPARTMENTAL SUPPORT ACTIVITIES) .....................
1,747 
1,747 
SUBTOTAL MANAGEMENT SUPPORT ........................................................................................
998,686 
998,686 
OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT 
199 
0604840M 
F–35 C2D2 .....................................................................................................................................
515,746 
515,746 
200 
0604840N 
F–35 C2D2 .....................................................................................................................................
481,962 
481,962 
201 
0605520M 
MARINE CORPS AIR DEFENSE WEAPONS SYSTEMS (MARFORRES) ...................................
65,381 
65,381 
202 
0607658N 
COOPERATIVE ENGAGEMENT CAPABILITY (CEC) .................................................................
176,486 
176,486 
203 
0101221N 
STRATEGIC SUB & WEAPONS SYSTEM SUPPORT ..................................................................
177,098 
185,098 
Strategic weapons system shipboard navigation modernization .................................................
[8,000 ] 
204 
0101224N 
SSBN SECURITY TECHNOLOGY PROGRAM .............................................................................
45,775 
45,775 
205 
0101226N 
SUBMARINE ACOUSTIC WARFARE DEVELOPMENT ..............................................................
64,752 
64,752 
206 
0101402N 
NAVY STRATEGIC COMMUNICATIONS ....................................................................................
35,451 
35,451 
207 
0204136N 
F/A–18 SQUADRONS ....................................................................................................................
189,224 
192,224 
Neural network algorithms on advanced processors ....................................................................
[3,000 ] 
208 
0204228N 
SURFACE SUPPORT ...................................................................................................................
13,733 
13,733 
209 
0204229N 
TOMAHAWK AND TOMAHAWK MISSION PLANNING CENTER (TMPC) ..................................
132,181 
132,181 
210 
0204311N 
INTEGRATED SURVEILLANCE SYSTEM .................................................................................
84,276 
84,276 
211 
0204313N 
SHIP-TOWED ARRAY SURVEILLANCE SYSTEMS ...................................................................
6,261 
6,261 
212 
0204413N 
AMPHIBIOUS TACTICAL SUPPORT UNITS (DISPLACEMENT CRAFT) ..................................
1,657 
1,657 
213 
0204460M 
GROUND/AIR TASK ORIENTED RADAR (G/ATOR) ...................................................................
21,367 
68,367 
Marine Corps UFR—Air traffic control Block IV development ...................................................
[23,000 ] 
Marine Corps UFR—Radar signal processor refresh ....................................................................
[12,000 ] 
Marine Corps UFR—Software mods to implement NIFC .............................................................
[12,000 ] 
214 
0204571N 
CONSOLIDATED TRAINING SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT .........................................................
56,741 
56,741 
215 
0204575N 
ELECTRONIC WARFARE (EW) READINESS SUPPORT ............................................................
62,006 
62,006 
216 
0205601N 
ANTI-RADIATION MISSILE IMPROVEMENT ............................................................................
133,520 
133,520 
217 
0205620N 
SURFACE ASW COMBAT SYSTEM INTEGRATION ...................................................................
28,804 
28,804 
218 
0205632N 
MK–48 ADCAP ..............................................................................................................................
114,492 
114,492 
219 
0205633N 
AVIATION IMPROVEMENTS ......................................................................................................
132,486 
132,486 
220 
0205675N 
OPERATIONAL NUCLEAR POWER SYSTEMS ..........................................................................
113,760 
113,760 
221 
0206313M 
MARINE CORPS COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS .......................................................................
89,897 
92,697 
Marine Corps UFR—CEC DDS antenna enhancements ................................................................
[2,800 ] 
222 
0206335M 
COMMON AVIATION COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM (CAC2S) ........................................
9,324 
12,824 
Marine Corps UFR—Software development for NIFC integration ...............................................
[3,500 ] 
223 
0206623M 
MARINE CORPS GROUND COMBAT/SUPPORTING ARMS SYSTEMS ......................................
108,235 
108,235 
224 
0206624M 
MARINE CORPS COMBAT SERVICES SUPPORT ......................................................................
13,185 
13,185 
225 
0206625M 
USMC INTELLIGENCE/ELECTRONIC WARFARE SYSTEMS (MIP) ..........................................
37,695 
44,295 
Marine Corps UFR—G-BOSS High Definition modernization ......................................................
[3,700 ] 
Marine Corps UFR—SCINet transition ........................................................................................
[2,900 ] 
226 
0206629M 
AMPHIBIOUS ASSAULT VEHICLE ............................................................................................
7,551 
7,551 
227 
0207161N 
TACTICAL AIM MISSILES .........................................................................................................
23,881 
23,881 
228 
0207163N 
ADVANCED MEDIUM RANGE AIR-TO-AIR MISSILE (AMRAAM) ............................................
32,564 
32,564 
229 
0208043N 
PLANNING AND DECISION AID SYSTEM (PDAS) ....................................................................
3,101 
3,101 
234 
0303138N 
AFLOAT NETWORKS ..................................................................................................................
30,890 
35,690 
Navy UFR—Accelerate Naval Tactical Grid Development for Joint All-Domain Command and 
Control (JADC2).
[4,800 ] 
235 
0303140N 
INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM ....................................................................
33,311 
33,311 
236 
0305192N 
MILITARY INTELLIGENCE PROGRAM (MIP) ACTIVITIES .....................................................
7,514 
7,514 
237 
0305204N 
TACTICAL UNMANNED AERIAL VEHICLES ............................................................................
9,837 
9,837 
238 
0305205N 
UAS INTEGRATION AND INTEROPERABILITY .......................................................................
9,797 
9,797 
239 
0305208M 
DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS .........................................................
38,800 
38,800 
240 
0305220N 
MQ–4C TRITON ............................................................................................................................
13,029 
13,029 
241 
0305231N 
MQ–8 UAV ....................................................................................................................................
26,543 
26,543 
242 
0305232M 
RQ–11 UAV ...................................................................................................................................
533 
533 
243 
0305234N 
SMALL (LEVEL 0) TACTICAL UAS (STUASL0) .........................................................................
1,772 
1,772 
245 
0305241N 
MULTI-INTELLIGENCE SENSOR DEVELOPMENT ...................................................................
59,252 
59,252 
246 
0305242M 
UNMANNED AERIAL SYSTEMS (UAS) PAYLOADS (MIP) .......................................................
9,274 
9,274 
247 
0305251N 
CYBERSPACE OPERATIONS FORCES AND FORCE SUPPORT ................................................
36,378 
36,378 
248 
0305421N 
RQ–4 MODERNIZATION ..............................................................................................................
134,323 
134,323 
249 
0307577N 
INTELLIGENCE MISSION DATA (IMD) .....................................................................................
907 
907 
250 
0308601N 
MODELING AND SIMULATION SUPPORT ................................................................................
9,772 
9,772 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00131
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 142-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8674 
November 19, 2021 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line 
Program 
Element 
Item 
FY 2022 
Request 
Senate 
Authorized 
251 
0702207N 
DEPOT MAINTENANCE (NON-IF) ..............................................................................................
36,880 
36,880 
252 
0708730N 
MARITIME TECHNOLOGY (MARITECH) ...................................................................................
3,329 
3,329 
999 
9999999999 
CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ...........................................................................................................
1,872,586 
1,872,586 
SUBTOTAL OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT .............................................................
5,313,319 
5,389,019 
SOFTWARE AND DIGITAL TECHNOLOGY PILOT PROGRAMS 
254 
0608013N 
RISK MANAGEMENT INFORMATION—SOFTWARE PILOT PROGRAM ...................................
13,703 
13,703 
255 
0608113N 
NAVY NEXT GENERATION ENTERPRISE NETWORK (NGEN)—SOFTWARE PILOT PRO-
GRAM.
955,151 
955,151 
256 
0608231N 
MARITIME TACTICAL COMMAND AND CONTROL (MTC2)—SOFTWARE PILOT PROGRAM
14,855 
14,855 
SUBTOTAL SOFTWARE AND DIGITAL TECHNOLOGY PILOT PROGRAMS ...............................
983,709 
983,709 
TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, NAVY .......................................................
22,639,362 
23,763,862 
RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, AF 
BASIC RESEARCH 
1 
0601102F 
DEFENSE RESEARCH SCIENCES ..............................................................................................
328,303 
328,303 
2 
0601103F 
UNIVERSITY RESEARCH INITIATIVES ....................................................................................
162,403 
192,403 
University research programs ......................................................................................................
[30,000 ] 
SUBTOTAL BASIC RESEARCH ....................................................................................................
490,706 
520,706 
APPLIED RESEARCH 
4 
0602020F 
FUTURE AF CAPABILITIES APPLIED RESEARCH ..................................................................
79,901 
79,901 
5 
0602102F 
MATERIALS ................................................................................................................................
113,460 
125,460 
Continuous composites 3D printing .............................................................................................
[7,000 ] 
High energy synchrotron x-ray research .....................................................................................
[5,000 ] 
6 
0602201F 
AEROSPACE VEHICLE TECHNOLOGIES ...................................................................................
163,032 
173,032 
Ground test and development of hypersonic engines ...................................................................
[5,000 ] 
Hypersonic flight test services ....................................................................................................
[5,000 ] 
7 
0602202F 
HUMAN EFFECTIVENESS APPLIED RESEARCH .....................................................................
136,273 
136,273 
8 
0602203F 
AEROSPACE PROPULSION ........................................................................................................
174,683 
181,683 
Low-cost small turbine engine research ......................................................................................
[7,000 ] 
9 
0602204F 
AEROSPACE SENSORS ..............................................................................................................
198,918 
448,918 
Microelectronics research network .............................................................................................
[250,000 ] 
11 
0602298F 
SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY MANAGEMENT— MAJOR HEADQUARTERS ACTIVITIES ......
8,891 
8,891 
12 
0602602F 
CONVENTIONAL MUNITIONS ....................................................................................................
151,757 
151,757 
13 
0602605F 
DIRECTED ENERGY TECHNOLOGY ..........................................................................................
111,052 
111,052 
14 
0602788F 
DOMINANT INFORMATION SCIENCES AND METHODS ...........................................................
169,110 
169,110 
SUBTOTAL APPLIED RESEARCH ...............................................................................................
1,307,077 
1,586,077 
ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT 
17 
0603032F 
FUTURE AF INTEGRATED TECHNOLOGY DEMOS ..................................................................
131,643 
128,743 
Procure Valkyrie aircraft ............................................................................................................
[75,000 ] 
Program reduction .......................................................................................................................
[–77,900 ] 
18 
0603112F 
ADVANCED MATERIALS FOR WEAPON SYSTEMS .................................................................
31,905 
31,905 
19 
0603199F 
SUSTAINMENT SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY (S&T) ...............................................................
21,057 
21,057 
20 
0603203F 
ADVANCED AEROSPACE SENSORS ..........................................................................................
45,464 
45,464 
21 
0603211F 
AEROSPACE TECHNOLOGY DEV/DEMO ...................................................................................
70,486 
72,486 
B–52 engine pylon fairings ...........................................................................................................
[2,000 ] 
22 
0603216F 
AEROSPACE PROPULSION AND POWER TECHNOLOGY .........................................................
75,273 
75,273 
23 
0603270F 
ELECTRONIC COMBAT TECHNOLOGY ......................................................................................
46,591 
46,591 
26 
0603456F 
HUMAN EFFECTIVENESS ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ................................
24,589 
24,589 
27 
0603601F 
CONVENTIONAL WEAPONS TECHNOLOGY ..............................................................................
157,423 
157,423 
28 
0603605F 
ADVANCED WEAPONS TECHNOLOGY ......................................................................................
28,258 
28,258 
29 
0603680F 
MANUFACTURING TECHNOLOGY PROGRAM ..........................................................................
45,259 
54,259 
Hypersonics materials manufacturing .........................................................................................
[2,000 ] 
Sustainment and modernization research and development program .........................................
[7,000 ] 
30 
0603788F 
BATTLESPACE KNOWLEDGE DEVELOPMENT AND DEMONSTRATION ...............................
56,772 
56,772 
SUBTOTAL ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ...........................................................
734,720 
742,820 
ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES 
31 
0603260F 
INTELLIGENCE ADVANCED DEVELOPMENT ..........................................................................
5,795 
5,795 
32 
0603742F 
COMBAT IDENTIFICATION TECHNOLOGY ...............................................................................
21,939 
21,939 
33 
0603790F 
NATO RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT ...................................................................................
4,114 
4,114 
34 
0603851F 
INTERCONTINENTAL BALLISTIC MISSILE—DEM/VAL ..........................................................
49,621 
49,621 
36 
0604001F 
NC3 ADVANCED CONCEPTS .......................................................................................................
6,900 
6,900 
37 
0604002F 
AIR FORCE WEATHER SERVICES RESEARCH .........................................................................
986 
986 
38 
0604003F 
ADVANCED BATTLE MANAGEMENT SYSTEM (ABMS) ..........................................................
203,849 
203,849 
39 
0604004F 
ADVANCED ENGINE DEVELOPMENT .......................................................................................
123,712 
210,712 
Air Force UFR—Complete two prototype engines .......................................................................
[57,000 ] 
Program increase .........................................................................................................................
[30,000 ] 
40 
0604006F 
ARCHITECTURE INITIATIVES ..................................................................................................
82,438 
162,438 
Acceleration of tactical datalink waveform ................................................................................
[80,000 ] 
41 
0604015F 
LONG RANGE STRIKE—BOMBER ..............................................................................................
2,872,624 
2,872,624 
42 
0604032F 
DIRECTED ENERGY PROTOTYPING .........................................................................................
10,820 
10,820 
43 
0604033F 
HYPERSONICS PROTOTYPING .................................................................................................
438,378 
438,378 
44 
0604201F 
PNT RESILIENCY, MODS, AND IMPROVEMENTS ....................................................................
39,742 
39,742 
45 
0604257F 
ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY AND SENSORS ...............................................................................
23,745 
28,745 
Air Force automatic target recognition ......................................................................................
[5,000 ] 
46 
0604288F 
SURVIVABLE AIRBORNE OPERATIONS CENTER ...................................................................
95,788 
95,788 
47 
0604317F 
TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER .........................................................................................................
15,768 
23,268 
Academic technology transfer partnerships ................................................................................
[7,500 ] 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00132
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 143-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8675 
November 19, 2021 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line 
Program 
Element 
Item 
FY 2022 
Request 
Senate 
Authorized 
48 
0604327F 
HARD AND DEEPLY BURIED TARGET DEFEAT SYSTEM (HDBTDS) PROGRAM .................
15,886 
15,886 
49 
0604414F 
CYBER RESILIENCY OF WEAPON SYSTEMS-ACS ...................................................................
71,229 
71,229 
50 
0604776F 
DEPLOYMENT & DISTRIBUTION ENTERPRISE R&D ..............................................................
40,103 
40,103 
51 
0604858F 
TECH TRANSITION PROGRAM ..................................................................................................
343,545 
460,345 
Blended wing body prototype phase 1 ..........................................................................................
[15,000 ] 
C–17 active winglets phase 1 .........................................................................................................
[5,000 ] 
Cold spray technologies ...............................................................................................................
[5,000 ] 
Engine compressor blade coatings ...............................................................................................
[2,000 ] 
KC–135 winglets ............................................................................................................................
[10,000 ] 
NORTHCOM UFR—Proliferated low earth orbit Arctic communications ...................................
[79,800 ] 
52 
0605230F 
GROUND BASED STRATEGIC DETERRENT .............................................................................
2,553,541 
2,553,541 
54 
0207110F 
NEXT GENERATION AIR DOMINANCE .....................................................................................
1,524,667 
1,524,667 
56 
0207522F 
AIRBASE AIR DEFENSE SYSTEMS (ABADS) ...........................................................................
10,905 
10,905 
57 
0208030F 
WAR RESERVE MATERIEL—AMMUNITION .............................................................................
3,943 
3,943 
59 
0305236F 
COMMON DATA LINK EXECUTIVE AGENT (CDL EA) ..............................................................
43,881 
43,881 
61 
0305601F 
MISSION PARTNER ENVIRONMENTS ......................................................................................
16,420 
16,420 
62 
0306250F 
CYBER OPERATIONS TECHNOLOGY SUPPORT .......................................................................
242,499 
282,499 
Coordination with private sector to protect against foreign malicious cyber actors ..................
[15,000 ] 
CYBERCOM enhanced attribution transition ..............................................................................
[25,000 ] 
63 
0306415F 
ENABLED CYBER ACTIVITIES ..................................................................................................
16,578 
16,578 
66 
0901410F 
CONTRACTING INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SYSTEM .........................................................
20,343 
10,343 
Contract writing systems reduction ............................................................................................
[–10,000 ] 
SUBTOTAL ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES .................................
8,899,759 
9,226,059 
SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION 
78 
0604200F 
FUTURE ADVANCED WEAPON ANALYSIS & PROGRAMS ......................................................
23,499 
23,499 
79 
0604201F 
PNT RESILIENCY, MODS, AND IMPROVEMENTS ....................................................................
167,520 
167,520 
80 
0604222F 
NUCLEAR WEAPONS SUPPORT ................................................................................................
30,050 
30,050 
81 
0604270F 
ELECTRONIC WARFARE DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................
2,110 
2,110 
82 
0604281F 
TACTICAL DATA NETWORKS ENTERPRISE ............................................................................
169,836 
169,836 
83 
0604287F 
PHYSICAL SECURITY EQUIPMENT ..........................................................................................
8,469 
8,469 
85 
0604602F 
ARMAMENT/ORDNANCE DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................
9,047 
9,047 
86 
0604604F 
SUBMUNITIONS ..........................................................................................................................
2,954 
2,954 
87 
0604617F 
AGILE COMBAT SUPPORT ........................................................................................................
16,603 
16,603 
89 
0604706F 
LIFE SUPPORT SYSTEMS .........................................................................................................
25,437 
25,437 
90 
0604735F 
COMBAT TRAINING RANGES ....................................................................................................
23,980 
37,180 
Air Force combat training ranges ...............................................................................................
[7,200 ] 
GPS denied training ....................................................................................................................
[3,000 ] 
Gulf test range improvement .......................................................................................................
[3,000 ] 
92 
0604932F 
LONG RANGE STANDOFF WEAPON ..........................................................................................
609,042 
609,042 
93 
0604933F 
ICBM FUZE MODERNIZATION ...................................................................................................
129,709 
129,709 
95 
0605056F 
OPEN ARCHITECTURE MANAGEMENT ....................................................................................
37,109 
37,109 
97 
0605223F 
ADVANCED PILOT TRAINING ...................................................................................................
188,898 
188,898 
98 
0605229F 
HH–60W ........................................................................................................................................
66,355 
66,355 
101 
0207171F 
F–15 EPAWSS ..............................................................................................................................
112,012 
112,012 
102 
0207328F 
STAND IN ATTACK WEAPON .....................................................................................................
166,570 
166,570 
103 
0207701F 
FULL COMBAT MISSION TRAINING .........................................................................................
7,064 
7,064 
105 
0401221F 
KC–46A TANKER SQUADRONS ...................................................................................................
73,459 
67,459 
Future tanker development .........................................................................................................
[–6,000 ] 
107 
0401319F 
VC–25B .........................................................................................................................................
680,665 
680,665 
108 
0701212F 
AUTOMATED TEST SYSTEMS ..................................................................................................
15,445 
15,445 
109 
0804772F 
TRAINING DEVELOPMENTS .....................................................................................................
4,482 
4,482 
SUBTOTAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION ......................................................
2,570,315 
2,577,515 
MANAGEMENT SUPPORT 
124 
0604256F 
THREAT SIMULATOR DEVELOPMENT ....................................................................................
41,909 
41,909 
125 
0604759F 
MAJOR T&E INVESTMENT ........................................................................................................
130,766 
130,766 
126 
0605101F 
RAND PROJECT AIR FORCE ......................................................................................................
36,017 
36,017 
128 
0605712F 
INITIAL OPERATIONAL TEST & EVALUATION .......................................................................
12,582 
12,582 
129 
0605807F 
TEST AND EVALUATION SUPPORT .........................................................................................
811,032 
811,032 
131 
0605827F 
ACQ WORKFORCE- GLOBAL VIG & COMBAT SYS ....................................................................
243,796 
243,796 
132 
0605828F 
ACQ WORKFORCE- GLOBAL REACH .........................................................................................
435,930 
435,930 
133 
0605829F 
ACQ WORKFORCE- CYBER, NETWORK, & BUS SYS .................................................................
435,274 
435,274 
135 
0605831F 
ACQ WORKFORCE- CAPABILITY INTEGRATION .....................................................................
243,806 
243,806 
136 
0605832F 
ACQ WORKFORCE- ADVANCED PRGM TECHNOLOGY .............................................................
103,041 
103,041 
137 
0605833F 
ACQ WORKFORCE- NUCLEAR SYSTEMS ..................................................................................
226,055 
226,055 
138 
0605898F 
MANAGEMENT HQ—R&D ...........................................................................................................
4,079 
4,079 
139 
0605976F 
FACILITIES RESTORATION AND MODERNIZATION—TEST AND EVALUATION SUPPORT 
70,788 
70,788 
140 
0605978F 
FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT—TEST AND EVALUATION SUPPORT .......................................
30,057 
30,057 
141 
0606017F 
REQUIREMENTS ANALYSIS AND MATURATION ....................................................................
85,799 
85,799 
142 
0606398F 
MANAGEMENT HQ—T&E ...........................................................................................................
6,163 
6,163 
143 
0303166F 
SUPPORT TO INFORMATION OPERATIONS (IO) CAPABILITIES ............................................
537 
537 
144 
0303255F 
COMMAND, CONTROL, COMMUNICATION, AND COMPUTERS (C4)—STRATCOM ..................
25,340 
42,340 
Air Force UFR—Build command and control framework ............................................................
[12,000 ] 
Rapid engineering architecture collaboration hub ......................................................................
[5,000 ] 
145 
0308602F 
ENTERPRISE INFORMATION SERVICES (EIS) ........................................................................
28,720 
28,720 
146 
0702806F 
ACQUISITION AND MANAGEMENT SUPPORT .........................................................................
37,211 
37,211 
147 
0804731F 
GENERAL SKILL TRAINING ......................................................................................................
1,506 
1,506 
148 
0804772F 
TRAINING DEVELOPMENTS .....................................................................................................
2,957 
2,957 
150 
1001004F 
INTERNATIONAL ACTIVITIES ..................................................................................................
2,420 
2,420 
156 
1206864F 
SPACE TEST PROGRAM (STP) ..................................................................................................
3 
3 
SUBTOTAL MANAGEMENT SUPPORT ........................................................................................
3,015,788 
3,032,788 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00133
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 144-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8676 
November 19, 2021 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line 
Program 
Element 
Item 
FY 2022 
Request 
Senate 
Authorized 
OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT 
157 
0604233F 
SPECIALIZED UNDERGRADUATE FLIGHT TRAINING ...........................................................
5,509 
5,509 
158 
0604445F 
WIDE AREA SURVEILLANCE ....................................................................................................
2,760 
2,760 
160 
0604840F 
F–35 C2D2 .....................................................................................................................................
985,404 
1,005,404 
Program increase .........................................................................................................................
[20,000 ] 
161 
0605018F 
AF INTEGRATED PERSONNEL AND PAY SYSTEM (AF-IPPS) ...............................................
22,010 
22,010 
162 
0605024F 
ANTI-TAMPER TECHNOLOGY EXECUTIVE AGENCY ..............................................................
51,492 
51,492 
163 
0605117F 
FOREIGN MATERIEL ACQUISITION AND EXPLOITATION .....................................................
71,391 
66,391 
Program reduction .......................................................................................................................
[–5,000 ] 
164 
0605278F 
HC/MC–130 RECAP RDT&E ..........................................................................................................
46,796 
46,796 
165 
0606018F 
NC3 INTEGRATION .....................................................................................................................
26,532 
26,532 
167 
0101113F 
B–52 SQUADRONS .......................................................................................................................
715,811 
715,811 
168 
0101122F 
AIR-LAUNCHED CRUISE MISSILE (ALCM) ...............................................................................
453 
453 
169 
0101126F 
B–1B SQUADRONS .......................................................................................................................
29,127 
29,127 
170 
0101127F 
B–2 SQUADRONS .........................................................................................................................
144,047 
144,047 
171 
0101213F 
MINUTEMAN SQUADRONS ........................................................................................................
113,622 
113,622 
172 
0101316F 
WORLDWIDE JOINT STRATEGIC COMMUNICATIONS .............................................................
15,202 
15,202 
174 
0101328F 
ICBM REENTRY VEHICLES .......................................................................................................
96,313 
96,313 
176 
0102110F 
UH–1N REPLACEMENT PROGRAM ............................................................................................
16,132 
16,132 
177 
0102326F 
REGION/SECTOR OPERATION CONTROL CENTER MODERNIZATION PROGRAM .................
771 
771 
178 
0102412F 
NORTH WARNING SYSTEM (NWS) ............................................................................................
99 
30,199 
NORTHCOM UFR—Over the horizon radar ..................................................................................
[25,100 ] 
NORTHCOM UFR—Polar over the horizon radar .........................................................................
[5,000 ] 
179 
0102417F 
OVER-THE-HORIZON BACKSCATTER RADAR .........................................................................
42,300 
42,300 
180 
0202834F 
VEHICLES AND SUPPORT EQUIPMENT—GENERAL ...............................................................
5,889 
5,889 
181 
0205219F 
MQ–9 UAV ....................................................................................................................................
85,135 
85,135 
182 
0205671F 
JOINT COUNTER RCIED ELECTRONIC WARFARE ...................................................................
3,111 
3,111 
183 
0207040F 
MULTI-PLATFORM ELECTRONIC WARFARE EQUIPMENT ....................................................
36,607 
36,607 
184 
0207131F 
A–10 SQUADRONS .......................................................................................................................
39,224 
39,224 
185 
0207133F 
F–16 SQUADRONS .......................................................................................................................
224,573 
224,573 
186 
0207134F 
F–15E SQUADRONS .....................................................................................................................
239,616 
239,616 
187 
0207136F 
MANNED DESTRUCTIVE SUPPRESSION ..................................................................................
15,855 
15,855 
188 
0207138F 
F–22A SQUADRONS .....................................................................................................................
647,296 
647,296 
189 
0207142F 
F–35 SQUADRONS .......................................................................................................................
69,365 
69,365 
190 
0207146F 
F–15EX .........................................................................................................................................
118,126 
118,126 
191 
0207161F 
TACTICAL AIM MISSILES .........................................................................................................
32,974 
32,974 
192 
0207163F 
ADVANCED MEDIUM RANGE AIR-TO-AIR MISSILE (AMRAAM) ............................................
51,288 
51,288 
193 
0207227F 
COMBAT RESCUE—PARARESCUE ............................................................................................
852 
852 
194 
0207247F 
AF TENCAP .................................................................................................................................
23,685 
23,685 
195 
0207249F 
PRECISION ATTACK SYSTEMS PROCUREMENT .....................................................................
12,083 
12,083 
196 
0207253F 
COMPASS CALL ..........................................................................................................................
91,266 
91,266 
197 
0207268F 
AIRCRAFT ENGINE COMPONENT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM ...............................................
103,715 
106,715 
Additive manufacturing ...............................................................................................................
[3,000 ] 
198 
0207325F 
JOINT AIR-TO-SURFACE STANDOFF MISSILE (JASSM) ........................................................
117,325 
117,325 
199 
0207327F 
SMALL DIAMETER BOMB (SDB) ...............................................................................................
27,109 
27,109 
201 
0207412F 
CONTROL AND REPORTING CENTER (CRC) .............................................................................
9,875 
9,875 
202 
0207417F 
AIRBORNE WARNING AND CONTROL SYSTEM (AWACS) .......................................................
171,014 
171,014 
203 
0207418F 
AFSPECWAR—TACP ...................................................................................................................
4,598 
4,598 
205 
0207431F 
COMBAT AIR INTELLIGENCE SYSTEM ACTIVITIES ..............................................................
21,863 
21,863 
206 
0207438F 
THEATER BATTLE MANAGEMENT (TBM) C4I .........................................................................
7,905 
7,905 
207 
0207439F 
ELECTRONIC WARFARE INTEGRATED REPROGRAMMING (EWIR) ......................................
15,000 
15,000 
208 
0207444F 
TACTICAL AIR CONTROL PARTY-MOD ....................................................................................
13,081 
13,081 
209 
0207452F 
DCAPES .......................................................................................................................................
4,305 
4,305 
210 
0207521F 
AIR FORCE CALIBRATION PROGRAMS ....................................................................................
1,984 
1,984 
211 
0207522F 
AIRBASE AIR DEFENSE SYSTEMS (ABADS) ...........................................................................
7,392 
7,392 
212 
0207573F 
NATIONAL TECHNICAL NUCLEAR FORENSICS ......................................................................
1,971 
1,971 
213 
0207590F 
SEEK EAGLE ..............................................................................................................................
30,539 
30,539 
214 
0207601F 
USAF MODELING AND SIMULATION .......................................................................................
17,110 
17,110 
215 
0207605F 
WARGAMING AND SIMULATION CENTERS .............................................................................
7,535 
7,535 
216 
0207610F 
BATTLEFIELD ABN COMM NODE (BACN) ................................................................................
32,008 
32,008 
217 
0207697F 
DISTRIBUTED TRAINING AND EXERCISES .............................................................................
4,007 
4,007 
218 
0208006F 
MISSION PLANNING SYSTEMS .................................................................................................
92,557 
92,557 
219 
0208007F 
TACTICAL DECEPTION ..............................................................................................................
489 
489 
220 
0208064F 
OPERATIONAL HQ—CYBER .......................................................................................................
2,115 
2,115 
221 
0208087F 
DISTRIBUTED CYBER WARFARE OPERATIONS .....................................................................
72,487 
72,487 
222 
0208088F 
AF DEFENSIVE CYBERSPACE OPERATIONS ..........................................................................
18,449 
18,449 
223 
0208097F 
JOINT CYBER COMMAND AND CONTROL (JCC2) .....................................................................
79,079 
79,079 
224 
0208099F 
UNIFIED PLATFORM (UP) .........................................................................................................
101,893 
101,893 
228 
0208288F 
INTEL DATA APPLICATIONS ....................................................................................................
493 
493 
229 
0301025F 
GEOBASE ....................................................................................................................................
2,782 
2,782 
231 
0301113F 
CYBER SECURITY INTELLIGENCE SUPPORT .........................................................................
5,224 
5,224 
238 
0301401F 
AIR FORCE SPACE AND CYBER NON-TRADITIONAL ISR FOR BATTLESPACE AWARE-
NESS.
2,463 
2,463 
239 
0302015F 
E–4B NATIONAL AIRBORNE OPERATIONS CENTER (NAOC) ..................................................
26,331 
26,331 
240 
0303131F 
MINIMUM ESSENTIAL EMERGENCY COMMUNICATIONS NETWORK (MEECN) ....................
58,165 
58,165 
242 
0303140F 
INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM ....................................................................
8,032 
3,032 
Identity, credentialing, and access management reduction ........................................................
[–5,000 ] 
243 
0303142F 
GLOBAL FORCE MANAGEMENT—DATA INITIATIVE .............................................................
452 
452 
244 
0303248F 
ALL DOMAIN COMMON PLATFORM .........................................................................................
64,000 
64,000 
246 
0304260F 
AIRBORNE SIGINT ENTERPRISE .............................................................................................
97,546 
97,546 
247 
0304310F 
COMMERCIAL ECONOMIC ANALYSIS .......................................................................................
3,770 
3,770 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00134
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 145-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8677 
November 19, 2021 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line 
Program 
Element 
Item 
FY 2022 
Request 
Senate 
Authorized 
251 
0305020F 
CCMD INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY ............................................................
1,663 
1,663 
252 
0305022F 
ISR MODERNIZATION & AUTOMATION DVMT (IMAD) ............................................................
18,888 
18,888 
253 
0305099F 
GLOBAL AIR TRAFFIC MANAGEMENT (GATM) ......................................................................
4,672 
4,672 
254 
0305103F 
CYBER SECURITY INITIATIVE .................................................................................................
290 
290 
255 
0305111F 
WEATHER SERVICE ...................................................................................................................
26,228 
27,228 
Weather forecasting using machine learning ...............................................................................
[1,000 ] 
256 
0305114F 
AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL, APPROACH, AND LANDING SYSTEM (ATCALS) ...........................
8,749 
8,749 
257 
0305116F 
AERIAL TARGETS ......................................................................................................................
1,528 
126,528 
Unmanned adversary air platforms .............................................................................................
[125,000 ] 
260 
0305128F 
SECURITY AND INVESTIGATIVE ACTIVITIES ........................................................................
223 
223 
262 
0305146F 
DEFENSE JOINT COUNTERINTELLIGENCE ACTIVITIES .......................................................
8,733 
8,733 
264 
0305179F 
INTEGRATED BROADCAST SERVICE (IBS) ..............................................................................
21,335 
21,335 
265 
0305202F 
DRAGON U–2 ................................................................................................................................
17,146 
74,146 
Air Force UFR—Antenna replacement ........................................................................................
[57,000 ] 
267 
0305206F 
AIRBORNE RECONNAISSANCE SYSTEMS ................................................................................
71,791 
138,791 
Air Force UFR—ASARS processor and antenna development .....................................................
[67,000 ] 
268 
0305207F 
MANNED RECONNAISSANCE SYSTEMS ...................................................................................
14,799 
14,799 
269 
0305208F 
DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS .........................................................
24,568 
24,568 
270 
0305220F 
RQ–4 UAV .....................................................................................................................................
83,124 
83,124 
271 
0305221F 
NETWORK-CENTRIC COLLABORATIVE TARGETING ..............................................................
17,224 
17,224 
272 
0305238F 
NATO AGS ...................................................................................................................................
19,473 
19,473 
273 
0305240F 
SUPPORT TO DCGS ENTERPRISE ............................................................................................
40,421 
40,421 
274 
0305600F 
INTERNATIONAL INTELLIGENCE TECHNOLOGY AND ARCHITECTURES ............................
14,473 
14,473 
275 
0305881F 
RAPID CYBER ACQUISITION .....................................................................................................
4,326 
4,326 
276 
0305984F 
PERSONNEL RECOVERY COMMAND & CTRL (PRC2) ..............................................................
2,567 
2,567 
277 
0307577F 
INTELLIGENCE MISSION DATA (IMD) .....................................................................................
6,169 
6,169 
278 
0401115F 
C–130 AIRLIFT SQUADRON .........................................................................................................
9,752 
9,752 
279 
0401119F 
C–5 AIRLIFT SQUADRONS (IF) ..................................................................................................
17,507 
17,507 
280 
0401130F 
C–17 AIRCRAFT (IF) ....................................................................................................................
16,360 
16,360 
281 
0401132F 
C–130J PROGRAM ........................................................................................................................
14,112 
14,112 
282 
0401134F 
LARGE AIRCRAFT IR COUNTERMEASURES (LAIRCM) ..........................................................
5,540 
5,540 
283 
0401218F 
KC–135S ........................................................................................................................................
3,564 
3,564 
285 
0401318F 
CV–22 ............................................................................................................................................
17,189 
17,189 
286 
0408011F 
SPECIAL TACTICS / COMBAT CONTROL ..................................................................................
6,640 
6,640 
288 
0708055F 
MAINTENANCE, REPAIR & OVERHAUL SYSTEM ....................................................................
26,921 
26,921 
289 
0708610F 
LOGISTICS INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY (LOGIT) .................................................................
7,071 
7,071 
291 
0804743F 
OTHER FLIGHT TRAINING ........................................................................................................
1,999 
1,999 
293 
0901202F 
JOINT PERSONNEL RECOVERY AGENCY ................................................................................
1,841 
1,841 
294 
0901218F 
CIVILIAN COMPENSATION PROGRAM .....................................................................................
3,560 
3,560 
295 
0901220F 
PERSONNEL ADMINISTRATION ...............................................................................................
3,368 
3,368 
296 
0901226F 
AIR FORCE STUDIES AND ANALYSIS AGENCY ......................................................................
1,248 
1,248 
297 
0901538F 
FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT INFORMATION SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ...............................
4,852 
4,852 
301 
1202140F 
SERVICE SUPPORT TO SPACECOM ACTIVITIES .....................................................................
6,737 
6,737 
999 
9999999999 
CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ...........................................................................................................
15,868,973 
15,823,973 
Program reduction .......................................................................................................................
[–150,000 ] 
Project A ......................................................................................................................................
[–5,000 ] 
Project B ......................................................................................................................................
[–5,000 ] 
Project C ......................................................................................................................................
[–10,000 ] 
Project D ......................................................................................................................................
[75,000 ] 
Project E ......................................................................................................................................
[50,000 ] 
SUBTOTAL OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT .............................................................
21,743,003 
21,991,103 
SOFTWARE AND DIGITAL TECHNOLOGY PILOT PROGRAMS 
317 
0608158F 
STRATEGIC MISSION PLANNING AND EXECUTION SYSTEM—SOFTWARE PILOT PRO-
GRAM.
96,100 
96,100 
318 
0608410F 
AIR & SPACE OPERATIONS CENTER (AOC)—SOFTWARE PILOT PROGRAM ........................
186,918 
186,918 
319 
0608920F 
DEFENSE ENTERPRISE ACCOUNTING AND MANAGEMENT SYSTEM (DEAMS)—SOFT-
WARE PILOT PRO.
135,263 
135,263 
SUBTOTAL SOFTWARE AND DIGITAL TECHNOLOGY PILOT PROGRAMS ...............................
418,281 
418,281 
TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, AF ............................................................
39,179,649 
40,095,349 
RDTE, SPACE FORCE 
APPLIED RESEARCH 
1 
1206601SF 
SPACE TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................................................
181,209 
204,909 
Battery cycle life improvements .................................................................................................
[3,000 ] 
Radiation hardened microelectronics ..........................................................................................
[5,000 ] 
Space Force UFR—Innovation applications ................................................................................
[15,700 ] 
SUBTOTAL APPLIED RESEARCH ...............................................................................................
181,209 
204,909 
ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT 
2 
1206616SF 
SPACE ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT/DEMO .....................................................
75,919 
146,919 
Space Force UFR—Accelerate Cislunar flight experiment ..........................................................
[61,000 ] 
SPACECOM UFR—Joint space rapid experimentation and demonstration .................................
[10,000 ] 
SUBTOTAL ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ...........................................................
75,919 
146,919 
ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES 
3 
1203164SF 
NAVSTAR GLOBAL POSITIONING SYSTEM (USER EQUIPMENT) (SPACE) ...........................
434,194 
434,194 
4 
1203710SF 
EO/IR WEATHER SYSTEMS .......................................................................................................
162,274 
162,274 
5 
1203905SF 
SPACE SYSTEM SUPPORT ........................................................................................................
37,000 
37,000 
6 
1206422SF 
WEATHER SYSTEM FOLLOW-ON ..............................................................................................
61,521 
61,521 
7 
1206425SF 
SPACE SITUATION AWARENESS SYSTEMS ............................................................................
123,262 
130,262 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00135
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 146-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8678 
November 19, 2021 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line 
Program 
Element 
Item 
FY 2022 
Request 
Senate 
Authorized 
Space Force UFR—Maui optical site ...........................................................................................
[7,000 ] 
8 
1206427SF 
SPACE SYSTEMS PROTOTYPE TRANSITIONS (SSPT) ............................................................
101,851 
129,851 
Space Force UFR—Expand Blackjack radio frequency payloads ................................................
[28,000 ] 
9 
1206438SF 
SPACE CONTROL TECHNOLOGY ...............................................................................................
32,931 
32,931 
10 
1206730SF 
SPACE SECURITY AND DEFENSE PROGRAM ..........................................................................
56,546 
56,546 
11 
1206760SF 
PROTECTED TACTICAL ENTERPRISE SERVICE (PTES) ........................................................
100,320 
109,320 
Space Force UFR—PTES Prototype Development ......................................................................
[9,000 ] 
12 
1206761SF 
PROTECTED TACTICAL SERVICE (PTS) ..................................................................................
243,285 
243,285 
13 
1206855SF 
EVOLVED STRATEGIC SATCOM (ESS) .....................................................................................
160,056 
160,056 
14 
1206857SF 
SPACE RAPID CAPABILITIES OFFICE .....................................................................................
66,193 
66,193 
SUBTOTAL ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES .................................
1,579,433 
1,623,433 
SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION 
15 
1203269SF 
GPS III FOLLOW-ON (GPS IIIF) .................................................................................................
264,265 
264,265 
16 
1203940SF 
SPACE SITUATION AWARENESS OPERATIONS ......................................................................
56,279 
56,279 
17 
1206421SF 
COUNTERSPACE SYSTEMS .......................................................................................................
38,063 
38,063 
18 
1206422SF 
WEATHER SYSTEM FOLLOW-ON ..............................................................................................
1,438 
1,438 
19 
1206425SF 
SPACE SITUATION AWARENESS SYSTEMS ............................................................................
127,026 
136,026 
Space Force UFR—Add space domain rapid innovation pathfinders ...........................................
[9,000 ] 
20 
1206431SF 
ADVANCED EHF MILSATCOM (SPACE) ....................................................................................
28,218 
28,218 
21 
1206432SF 
POLAR MILSATCOM (SPACE) ....................................................................................................
127,870 
127,870 
22 
1206442SF 
NEXT GENERATION OPIR .........................................................................................................
2,451,256 
2,451,256 
23 
1206445SF 
COMMERCIAL SATCOM (COMSATCOM) INTEGRATION ..........................................................
23,400 
23,400 
24 
1206853SF 
NATIONAL SECURITY SPACE LAUNCH PROGRAM (SPACE)—EMD .......................................
221,510 
230,710 
Space Force UFR—Liquid oxygen explosive tests .......................................................................
[9,200 ] 
SUBTOTAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION ......................................................
3,339,325 
3,357,525 
MANAGEMENT SUPPORT 
25 
1206116SF 
SPACE TEST AND TRAINING RANGE DEVELOPMENT ...........................................................
19,319 
52,619 
Space Force UFR—Signal emulation generation subsystem .......................................................
[33,300 ] 
26 
1206392SF 
ACQ WORKFORCE—SPACE & MISSILE SYSTEMS ...................................................................
214,051 
214,051 
27 
1206398SF 
SPACE & MISSILE SYSTEMS CENTER—MHA ..........................................................................
12,119 
12,119 
28 
1206759SF 
MAJOR T&E INVESTMENT—SPACE .........................................................................................
71,503 
71,503 
29 
1206860SF 
ROCKET SYSTEMS LAUNCH PROGRAM (SPACE) ....................................................................
17,769 
27,769 
Tactically responsive launch .......................................................................................................
[10,000 ] 
31 
1206864SF 
SPACE TEST PROGRAM (STP) ..................................................................................................
20,881 
20,881 
SUBTOTAL MANAGEMENT SUPPORT ........................................................................................
355,642 
398,942 
OPERATIONAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT 
33 
1201017SF 
GLOBAL SENSOR INTEGRATED ON NETWORK (GSIN) ...........................................................
4,731 
4,731 
34 
1203001SF 
FAMILY OF ADVANCED BLOS TERMINALS (FAB-T) ..............................................................
156,788 
156,788 
35 
1203040SF 
DCO-SPACE .................................................................................................................................
2,150 
13,050 
Space Force UFR—Cyber defense platforms for SBIRs and ground-based radar .........................
[10,900 ] 
36 
1203109SF 
NARROWBAND SATELLITE COMMUNICATIONS .....................................................................
112,012 
112,012 
37 
1203110SF 
SATELLITE CONTROL NETWORK (SPACE) ..............................................................................
36,810 
36,810 
38 
1203165SF 
NAVSTAR GLOBAL POSITIONING SYSTEM (SPACE AND CONTROL SEGMENTS) ...............
1,966 
1,966 
39 
1203173SF 
SPACE AND MISSILE TEST AND EVALUATION CENTER .......................................................
1,699 
5,699 
Space Force UFR—Improve operations of payload adapter .........................................................
[4,000 ] 
40 
1203174SF 
SPACE INNOVATION, INTEGRATION AND RAPID TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ..............
18,054 
38,054 
Space Force UFR—Digitial core services for distributed space test and training .......................
[20,000 ] 
41 
1203182SF 
SPACELIFT RANGE SYSTEM (SPACE) .....................................................................................
11,115 
11,115 
42 
1203265SF 
GPS III SPACE SEGMENT ..........................................................................................................
7,207 
7,207 
43 
1203330SF 
SPACE SUPERIORITY ISR .........................................................................................................
18,109 
18,109 
44 
1203620SF 
NATIONAL SPACE DEFENSE CENTER .....................................................................................
1,280 
1,280 
45 
1203873SF 
BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE RADARS .................................................................................
12,292 
12,292 
46 
1203906SF 
NCMC—TW/AA SYSTEM .............................................................................................................
9,858 
9,858 
47 
1203913SF 
NUDET DETECTION SYSTEM (SPACE) .....................................................................................
45,887 
45,887 
48 
1203940SF 
SPACE SITUATION AWARENESS OPERATIONS ......................................................................
64,763 
64,763 
49 
1206423SF 
GLOBAL POSITIONING SYSTEM III—OPERATIONAL CONTROL SEGMENT .........................
413,766 
413,766 
53 
1206770SF 
ENTERPRISE GROUND SERVICES ............................................................................................
191,713 
191,713 
999 
9999999999 
CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ...........................................................................................................
4,474,809 
4,763,809 
Program increase .........................................................................................................................
[10,000 ] 
Space Force UFR—classified .......................................................................................................
[279,000 ] 
SUBTOTAL OPERATIONAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT ...............................................................
5,585,009 
5,908,909 
SOFTWARE & DIGITAL TECHNOLOGY PILOT PROGRAMS 
54 
1203614SF 
JSPOC MISSION SYSTEM ..........................................................................................................
154,529 
154,529 
SUBTOTAL SOFTWARE & DIGITAL TECHNOLOGY PILOT PROGRAMS ....................................
154,529 
154,529 
TOTAL RDTE, SPACE FORCE .....................................................................................................
11,271,066 
11,795,166 
RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, DW 
BASIC RESEARCH 
1 
0601000BR 
DTRA BASIC RESEARCH ...........................................................................................................
11,828 
11,828 
2 
0601101E 
DEFENSE RESEARCH SCIENCES ..............................................................................................
395,781 
410,781 
Increase for DARPA-funded university research activities .........................................................
[15,000 ] 
3 
0601108D8Z 
HIGH ENERGY LASER RESEARCH INITIATIVES ....................................................................
15,390 
15,390 
4 
0601110D8Z 
BASIC RESEARCH INITIATIVES ...............................................................................................
39,828 
72,328 
DEPSCoR .....................................................................................................................................
[10,000 ] 
Minerva management and social science research ......................................................................
[22,500 ] 
5 
0601117E 
BASIC OPERATIONAL MEDICAL RESEARCH SCIENCE ..........................................................
76,018 
81,018 
Traumatic brain injury research .................................................................................................
[5,000 ] 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00136
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 147-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8679 
November 19, 2021 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line 
Program 
Element 
Item 
FY 2022 
Request 
Senate 
Authorized 
6 
0601120D8Z 
NATIONAL DEFENSE EDUCATION PROGRAM .........................................................................
112,195 
113,695 
DOD laboratory workforce development program .......................................................................
[1,500 ] 
7 
0601228D8Z 
HISTORICALLY BLACK COLLEGES AND UNIVERSITIES/MINORITY INSTITUTIONS ..........
31,136 
31,136 
8 
0601384BP 
CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE PROGRAM ...............................................................
34,708 
34,708 
SUBTOTAL BASIC RESEARCH ....................................................................................................
716,884 
770,884 
APPLIED RESEARCH 
9 
0602000D8Z 
JOINT MUNITIONS TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................................
19,591 
19,591 
10 
0602115E 
BIOMEDICAL TECHNOLOGY ......................................................................................................
108,698 
123,698 
Program increase .........................................................................................................................
[15,000 ] 
12 
0602230D8Z 
DEFENSE TECHNOLOGY INNOVATION ....................................................................................
22,918 
72,918 
6G and beyond experimentation efforts .......................................................................................
[50,000 ] 
13 
0602234D8Z 
LINCOLN LABORATORY RESEARCH PROGRAM .....................................................................
55,692 
55,692 
14 
0602251D8Z 
APPLIED RESEARCH FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF S&T PRIORITIES .................................
65,015 
65,015 
15 
0602303E 
INFORMATION & COMMUNICATIONS TECHNOLOGY ..............................................................
430,363 
745,363 
National Security Commission on Artificial Intelligence implementation ................................
[200,000 ] 
Program increase .........................................................................................................................
[15,000 ] 
Quantum computing acceleration ...............................................................................................
[100,000 ] 
16 
0602383E 
BIOLOGICAL WARFARE DEFENSE ...........................................................................................
31,421 
31,421 
17 
0602384BP 
CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE PROGRAM ...............................................................
206,956 
206,956 
18 
0602668D8Z 
CYBER SECURITY RESEARCH ..................................................................................................
15,380 
15,380 
19 
0602702E 
TACTICAL TECHNOLOGY ..........................................................................................................
202,515 
202,515 
20 
0602715E 
MATERIALS AND BIOLOGICAL TECHNOLOGY ........................................................................
317,024 
332,024 
Program increase .........................................................................................................................
[15,000 ] 
21 
0602716E 
ELECTRONICS TECHNOLOGY ...................................................................................................
357,384 
372,384 
Program increase .........................................................................................................................
[15,000 ] 
22 
0602718BR 
COUNTER WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION APPLIED RESEARCH ..................................
197,011 
197,011 
23 
0602751D8Z 
SOFTWARE ENGINEERING INSTITUTE (SEI) APPLIED RESEARCH .....................................
9,601 
9,601 
24 
0602890D8Z 
HIGH ENERGY LASER RESEARCH ...........................................................................................
45,997 
45,997 
25 
1160401BB 
SOF TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT .........................................................................................
44,829 
44,829 
SUBTOTAL APPLIED RESEARCH ...............................................................................................
2,130,395 
2,540,395 
ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT 
26 
0603000D8Z 
JOINT MUNITIONS ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ........................................................................
23,213 
23,213 
27 
0603121D8Z 
SO/LIC ADVANCED DEVELOPMENT .........................................................................................
4,665 
4,665 
28 
0603122D8Z 
COMBATING TERRORISM TECHNOLOGY SUPPORT ...............................................................
69,376 
69,376 
29 
0603133D8Z 
FOREIGN COMPARATIVE TESTING .........................................................................................
25,432 
45,432 
Domestic comparative testing program ......................................................................................
[20,000 ] 
31 
0603160BR 
COUNTER WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOP-
MENT.
399,362 
399,362 
32 
0603176C 
ADVANCED CONCEPTS AND PERFORMANCE ASSESSMENT .................................................
15,800 
21,000 
MDA UFR—Cybersecurity improvements ...................................................................................
[5,200 ] 
33 
0603180C 
ADVANCED RESEARCH .............................................................................................................
21,466 
26,466 
High speed flight experiment testing ...........................................................................................
[5,000 ] 
34 
0603183D8Z 
JOINT HYPERSONIC TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT &TRANSITION ....................................
51,340 
51,340 
35 
0603225D8Z 
JOINT DOD-DOE MUNITIONS TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ................................................
19,063 
19,063 
36 
0603286E 
ADVANCED AEROSPACE SYSTEMS .........................................................................................
174,043 
174,043 
37 
0603287E 
SPACE PROGRAMS AND TECHNOLOGY ...................................................................................
101,524 
101,524 
38 
0603288D8Z 
ANALYTIC ASSESSMENTS ........................................................................................................
24,012 
24,012 
39 
0603289D8Z 
ADVANCED INNOVATIVE ANALYSIS AND CONCEPTS ...........................................................
51,513 
51,513 
42 
0603338D8Z 
DEFENSE MODERNIZATION AND PROTOTYPING ...................................................................
115,443 
190,443 
Rapid Innovation Program ..........................................................................................................
[75,000 ] 
43 
0603342D8Z 
DEFENSE INNOVATION UNIT (DIU) ..........................................................................................
31,873 
31,873 
44 
0603375D8Z 
TECHNOLOGY INNOVATION ......................................................................................................
54,433 
54,433 
45 
0603384BP 
CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE PROGRAM—ADVANCED DEVELOPMENT ............
197,824 
197,824 
46 
0603527D8Z 
RETRACT LARCH .......................................................................................................................
99,175 
99,175 
47 
0603618D8Z 
JOINT ELECTRONIC ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY .....................................................................
18,221 
18,221 
48 
0603648D8Z 
JOINT CAPABILITY TECHNOLOGY DEMONSTRATIONS .........................................................
102,669 
102,669 
49 
0603662D8Z 
NETWORKED COMMUNICATIONS CAPABILITIES ...................................................................
2,984 
2,984 
50 
0603680D8Z 
DEFENSE-WIDE MANUFACTURING SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY PROGRAM .....................
134,022 
145,522 
Certification-based workforce training programs for manufacturing .........................................
[3,000 ] 
Cybersecurity for industrial control systems ..............................................................................
[3,000 ] 
Data analytics and visual system ................................................................................................
[3,000 ] 
Integrated silicon-based lasers ....................................................................................................
[2,500 ] 
51 
0603680S 
MANUFACTURING TECHNOLOGY PROGRAM ..........................................................................
37,543 
46,543 
HPC-enabled large-scale advanced manufacturing ......................................................................
[4,000 ] 
Steel Performance Initiative .......................................................................................................
[5,000 ] 
53 
0603712S 
GENERIC LOGISTICS R&D TECHNOLOGY DEMONSTRATIONS ..............................................
12,418 
12,418 
54 
0603716D8Z 
STRATEGIC ENVIRONMENTAL RESEARCH PROGRAM ..........................................................
51,863 
51,863 
55 
0603720S 
MICROELECTRONICS TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT AND SUPPORT ..................................
160,821 
160,821 
56 
0603727D8Z 
JOINT WARFIGHTING PROGRAM .............................................................................................
2,169 
2,169 
57 
0603739E 
ADVANCED ELECTRONICS TECHNOLOGIES ...........................................................................
116,716 
131,716 
Program increase .........................................................................................................................
[15,000 ] 
58 
0603760E 
COMMAND, CONTROL AND COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS .....................................................
251,794 
266,794 
Program increase .........................................................................................................................
[15,000 ] 
59 
0603766E 
NETWORK-CENTRIC WARFARE TECHNOLOGY .......................................................................
584,771 
689,771 
Artificial intelligence research activities ...................................................................................
[100,000 ] 
Deep water active technologies ...................................................................................................
[5,000 ] 
60 
0603767E 
SENSOR TECHNOLOGY ..............................................................................................................
294,792 
259,792 
Program reduction .......................................................................................................................
[–35,000 ] 
61 
0603769D8Z 
DISTRIBUTED LEARNING ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ................................
6,398 
6,398 
62 
0603781D8Z 
SOFTWARE ENGINEERING INSTITUTE ...................................................................................
14,677 
14,677 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00137
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 148-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8680 
November 19, 2021 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line 
Program 
Element 
Item 
FY 2022 
Request 
Senate 
Authorized 
65 
0603924D8Z 
HIGH ENERGY LASER ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY PROGRAM ...............................................
107,397 
107,397 
66 
0603941D8Z 
TEST & EVALUATION SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY ...................................................................
267,161 
267,161 
67 
0603950D8Z 
NATIONAL SECURITY INNOVATION NETWORK ......................................................................
21,270 
21,270 
68 
0604055D8Z 
OPERATIONAL ENERGY CAPABILITY IMPROVEMENT .........................................................
74,300 
74,300 
74 
1160402BB 
SOF ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT .....................................................................
93,415 
93,415 
75 
1206310SDA 
SPACE SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT ...............................
172,638 
172,638 
SUBTOTAL ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ...........................................................
4,007,596 
4,233,296 
ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES 
76 
0603161D8Z 
NUCLEAR AND CONVENTIONAL PHYSICAL SECURITY EQUIPMENT RDT&E ADC&P .........
28,687 
28,687 
77 
0603600D8Z 
WALKOFF ...................................................................................................................................
108,652 
108,652 
79 
0603851D8Z 
ENVIRONMENTAL SECURITY TECHNICAL CERTIFICATION PROGRAM ..............................
71,429 
71,429 
80 
0603881C 
BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE TERMINAL DEFENSE SEGMENT .........................................
277,949 
279,949 
Survivability planning and intercept evaluation tool .................................................................
[2,000 ] 
81 
0603882C 
BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE MIDCOURSE DEFENSE SEGMENT .......................................
745,144 
745,144 
82 
0603884BP 
CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE PROGRAM—DEM/VAL ............................................
129,445 
129,445 
83 
0603884C 
BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE SENSORS ...............................................................................
224,750 
227,762 
MDA UFR—Cybersecurity improvements ...................................................................................
[3,012 ] 
84 
0603890C 
BMD ENABLING PROGRAMS .....................................................................................................
595,301 
714,497 
MDA UFR—Cybersecurity improvements ...................................................................................
[44,830 ] 
MDA UFR—System survivability in radiation environments .....................................................
[20,166 ] 
MDA UFR—Tower-based fire control sensor for cruise missile defense ......................................
[27,000 ] 
NORTHCOM UFR—NCR elevated radar .......................................................................................
[27,200 ] 
85 
0603891C 
SPECIAL PROGRAMS—MDA ......................................................................................................
413,374 
413,374 
86 
0603892C 
AEGIS BMD .................................................................................................................................
732,512 
780,912 
MDA UFR—Radar upgrades .........................................................................................................
[48,400 ] 
87 
0603896C 
BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE COMMAND AND CONTROL, BATTLE MANAGEMENT AND 
COMMUNICATI.
603,448 
609,924 
MDA UFR—Cybersecurity improvements ...................................................................................
[2,000 ] 
MDA UFR—JADC2 integration ....................................................................................................
[4,476 ] 
88 
0603898C 
BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE JOINT WARFIGHTER SUPPORT ...........................................
50,594 
50,594 
89 
0603904C 
MISSILE DEFENSE INTEGRATION & OPERATIONS CENTER (MDIOC) ..................................
52,403 
52,403 
90 
0603906C 
REGARDING TRENCH ................................................................................................................
11,952 
11,952 
91 
0603907C 
SEA BASED X-BAND RADAR (SBX) ..........................................................................................
147,241 
147,241 
92 
0603913C 
ISRAELI COOPERATIVE PROGRAMS .......................................................................................
300,000 
300,000 
93 
0603914C 
BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE TEST ......................................................................................
362,906 
362,906 
94 
0603915C 
BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE TARGETS ...............................................................................
553,334 
553,334 
96 
0603923D8Z 
COALITION WARFARE ...............................................................................................................
5,103 
5,103 
97 
0604011D8Z 
NEXT GENERATION INFORMATION COMMUNICATIONS TECHNOLOGY (5G) .......................
374,665 
474,665 
5G acceleration activities ............................................................................................................
[100,000 ] 
98 
0604016D8Z 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE CORROSION PROGRAM .............................................................
3,259 
3,259 
99 
0604102C 
GUAM DEFENSE DEVELOPMENT .............................................................................................
78,300 
232,750 
INDOPACOM UFR—Guam Defense System .................................................................................
[154,450 ] 
103 
0604181C 
HYPERSONIC DEFENSE .............................................................................................................
247,931 
309,796 
MDA UFR—Accelerate hypersonic defensive systems .................................................................
[61,865 ] 
104 
0604250D8Z 
ADVANCED INNOVATIVE TECHNOLOGIES ..............................................................................
716,456 
681,456 
Program increase—Project B .......................................................................................................
[60,000 ] 
Program reduction—Project A ....................................................................................................
[–10,000 ] 
Program reduction—strategic capabilities research and prototyping .........................................
[–100,000 ] 
Thermionic energy generation .....................................................................................................
[15,000 ] 
105 
0604294D8Z 
TRUSTED & ASSURED MICROELECTRONICS ..........................................................................
509,195 
509,195 
106 
0604331D8Z 
RAPID PROTOTYPING PROGRAM .............................................................................................
103,575 
53,575 
Program reduction—joint affordable kill chain ..........................................................................
[–50,000 ] 
107 
0604341D8Z 
DEFENSE INNOVATION UNIT (DIU) PROTOTYPING ...............................................................
11,213 
11,213 
108 
0604400D8Z 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE (DOD) UNMANNED SYSTEM COMMON DEVELOPMENT .........
2,778 
2,778 
109 
0604551BR 
CATAPULT ..................................................................................................................................
7,166 
7,166 
110 
0604555D8Z 
OPERATIONAL ENERGY CAPABILITY IMPROVEMENT—NON S&T .......................................
23,200 
23,200 
111 
0604672C 
HOMELAND DEFENSE RADAR—HAWAII (HDR-H) ...................................................................
0 
76,000 
INDOPACOM UFR—Restoration of HDR-H .................................................................................
[76,000 ] 
113 
0604682D8Z 
WARGAMING AND SUPPORT FOR STRATEGIC ANALYSIS (SSA) ..........................................
3,519 
3,519 
114 
0604826J 
JOINT C5 CAPABILITY DEVELOPMENT, INTEGRATION AND INTEROPERABILITY AS-
SESSMENTS.
17,439 
42,439 
Joint All-Domain Command and Control experimentation .........................................................
[25,000 ] 
115 
0604873C 
LONG RANGE DISCRIMINATION RADAR (LRDR) ....................................................................
133,335 
133,335 
116 
0604874C 
IMPROVED HOMELAND DEFENSE INTERCEPTORS ...............................................................
926,125 
926,125 
117 
0604876C 
BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE TERMINAL DEFENSE SEGMENT TEST ...............................
32,697 
32,697 
118 
0604878C 
AEGIS BMD TEST .......................................................................................................................
117,055 
117,055 
119 
0604879C 
BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE SENSOR TEST .......................................................................
77,428 
77,428 
120 
0604880C 
LAND-BASED SM–3 (LBSM3) ......................................................................................................
43,158 
43,158 
121 
0604887C 
BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE MIDCOURSE SEGMENT TEST ..............................................
61,424 
61,424 
122 
0202057C 
SAFETY PROGRAM MANAGEMENT .........................................................................................
2,323 
2,323 
123 
0300206R 
ENTERPRISE INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SYSTEMS .........................................................
2,568 
2,568 
125 
0305103C 
CYBER SECURITY INITIATIVE .................................................................................................
1,142 
1,142 
126 
1206410SDA 
SPACE TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT AND PROTOTYPING .................................................
636,179 
649,179 
Laser communication ground terminals ......................................................................................
[5,000 ] 
Space laser communications .......................................................................................................
[8,000 ] 
127 
1206893C 
SPACE TRACKING & SURVEILLANCE SYSTEM ......................................................................
15,176 
15,176 
128 
1206895C 
BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE SYSTEM SPACE PROGRAMS ...............................................
292,811 
292,811 
SUBTOTAL ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES .................................
9,854,341 
10,378,740 
SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION 
129 
0604161D8Z 
NUCLEAR AND CONVENTIONAL PHYSICAL SECURITY EQUIPMENT RDT&E SDD .............
5,682 
5,682 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00138
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 149-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8681 
November 19, 2021 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line 
Program 
Element 
Item 
FY 2022 
Request 
Senate 
Authorized 
131 
0604384BP 
CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE PROGRAM—EMD ....................................................
299,848 
299,848 
132 
0604771D8Z 
JOINT TACTICAL INFORMATION DISTRIBUTION SYSTEM (JTIDS) .....................................
9,345 
9,345 
133 
0605000BR 
COUNTER WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT .........................
14,063 
14,063 
134 
0605013BL 
INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT .......................................................................
4,265 
4,265 
135 
0605021SE 
HOMELAND PERSONNEL SECURITY INITIATIVE ...................................................................
7,205 
7,205 
136 
0605022D8Z 
DEFENSE EXPORTABILITY PROGRAM ...................................................................................
5,447 
5,447 
137 
0605027D8Z 
OUSD(C) IT DEVELOPMENT INITIATIVES ...............................................................................
16,892 
16,892 
138 
0605070S 
DOD ENTERPRISE SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT AND DEMONSTRATION ................................
679 
679 
140 
0605080S 
DEFENSE AGENCY INITIATIVES (DAI)—FINANCIAL SYSTEM ..............................................
32,254 
32,254 
142 
0605141BR 
MISSION ASSURANCE RISK MANAGEMENT SYSTEM (MARMS) ...........................................
5,500 
5,500 
143 
0605210D8Z 
DEFENSE-WIDE ELECTRONIC PROCUREMENT CAPABILITIES ............................................
7,148 
7,148 
144 
0605294D8Z 
TRUSTED & ASSURED MICROELECTRONICS ..........................................................................
113,895 
113,895 
146 
0605772D8Z 
NUCLEAR COMMAND, CONTROL, & COMMUNICATIONS ........................................................
3,991 
3,991 
149 
0305304D8Z 
DOD ENTERPRISE ENERGY INFORMATION MANAGEMENT (EEIM) .....................................
2,227 
2,227 
150 
0305310D8Z 
CWMD SYSTEMS: SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT AND DEMONSTRATION ...................................
20,246 
20,246 
SUBTOTAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION ......................................................
548,687 
548,687 
MANAGEMENT SUPPORT 
151 
0603829J 
JOINT CAPABILITY EXPERIMENTATION ................................................................................
8,444 
8,444 
152 
0604774D8Z 
DEFENSE READINESS REPORTING SYSTEM (DRRS) ............................................................
7,508 
7,508 
153 
0604875D8Z 
JOINT SYSTEMS ARCHITECTURE DEVELOPMENT ................................................................
7,859 
7,859 
154 
0604940D8Z 
CENTRAL TEST AND EVALUATION INVESTMENT DEVELOPMENT (CTEIP) .......................
550,140 
554,140 
Wave glider development .............................................................................................................
[4,000 ] 
155 
0604942D8Z 
ASSESSMENTS AND EVALUATIONS ........................................................................................
17,980 
17,980 
156 
0605001E 
MISSION SUPPORT ....................................................................................................................
73,145 
73,145 
157 
0605100D8Z 
JOINT MISSION ENVIRONMENT TEST CAPABILITY (JMETC) ...............................................
71,410 
71,410 
159 
0605126J 
JOINT INTEGRATED AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE ORGANIZATION (JIAMDO) ....................
52,671 
52,671 
161 
0605142D8Z 
SYSTEMS ENGINEERING ..........................................................................................................
40,030 
25,030 
Program reduction .......................................................................................................................
[–15,000 ] 
162 
0605151D8Z 
STUDIES AND ANALYSIS SUPPORT—OSD ..............................................................................
4,612 
9,612 
Acquisition Innovation Research Center .....................................................................................
[5,000 ] 
163 
0605161D8Z 
NUCLEAR MATTERS-PHYSICAL SECURITY ............................................................................
14,429 
14,429 
164 
0605170D8Z 
SUPPORT TO NETWORKS AND INFORMATION INTEGRATION ..............................................
4,759 
4,759 
165 
0605200D8Z 
GENERAL SUPPORT TO USD (INTELLIGENCE) .......................................................................
1,952 
1,952 
166 
0605384BP 
CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE PROGRAM ...............................................................
110,503 
110,503 
172 
0605790D8Z 
SMALL BUSINESS INNOVATION RESEARCH (SBIR)/ SMALL BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY 
TRANSFER.
3,639 
3,639 
173 
0605797D8Z 
MAINTAINING TECHNOLOGY ADVANTAGE ............................................................................
25,889 
25,889 
174 
0605798D8Z 
DEFENSE TECHNOLOGY ANALYSIS ........................................................................................
39,774 
39,774 
175 
0605801KA 
DEFENSE TECHNICAL INFORMATION CENTER (DTIC) ..........................................................
61,453 
11,453 
Program reduction .......................................................................................................................
[–50,000 ] 
176 
0605803SE 
R&D IN SUPPORT OF DOD ENLISTMENT, TESTING AND EVALUATION ..............................
18,762 
18,762 
177 
0605804D8Z 
DEVELOPMENT TEST AND EVALUATION ...............................................................................
27,366 
27,366 
178 
0605898E 
MANAGEMENT HQ—R&D ...........................................................................................................
12,740 
12,740 
179 
0605998KA 
MANAGEMENT HQ—DEFENSE TECHNICAL INFORMATION CENTER (DTIC) .......................
3,549 
3,549 
180 
0606100D8Z 
BUDGET AND PROGRAM ASSESSMENTS ................................................................................
15,438 
15,438 
181 
0606225D8Z 
ODNA TECHNOLOGY AND RESOURCE ANALYSIS ...................................................................
2,897 
2,897 
182 
0606589D8W 
DEFENSE DIGITAL SERVICE (DDS) DEVELOPMENT SUPPORT ............................................
918 
918 
183 
0606771D8Z 
CYBER RESILIENCY AND CYBERSECURITY POLICY .............................................................
31,638 
31,638 
184 
0203345D8Z 
DEFENSE OPERATIONS SECURITY INITIATIVE (DOSI) .........................................................
2,925 
2,925 
185 
0204571J 
JOINT STAFF ANALYTICAL SUPPORT ....................................................................................
977 
977 
186 
0208045K 
C4I INTEROPERABILITY ............................................................................................................
55,361 
55,361 
189 
0303140SE 
INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM ....................................................................
853 
853 
191 
0303260D8Z 
DEFENSE MILITARY DECEPTION PROGRAM OFFICE (DMDPO) ...........................................
969 
969 
192 
0305172K 
COMBINED ADVANCED APPLICATIONS ..................................................................................
15,696 
15,696 
194 
0305208K 
DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS .........................................................
3,073 
3,073 
197 
0804768J 
COCOM EXERCISE ENGAGEMENT AND TRAINING TRANSFORMATION (CE2T2)—NON- 
MHA.
29,530 
29,530 
198 
0808709SE 
DEFENSE EQUAL OPPORTUNITY MANAGEMENT INSTITUTE (DEOMI) ...............................
689 
689 
199 
0901598C 
MANAGEMENT HQ—MDA ..........................................................................................................
24,102 
24,102 
200 
0903235K 
JOINT SERVICE PROVIDER (JSP) .............................................................................................
2,645 
2,645 
999 
9999999999 
CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ...........................................................................................................
37,520 
37,520 
SUBTOTAL MANAGEMENT SUPPORT ........................................................................................
1,383,845 
1,327,845 
OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT 
202 
0604130V 
ENTERPRISE SECURITY SYSTEM (ESS) .................................................................................
5,355 
5,355 
203 
0604532K 
JOINT ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE .........................................................................................
10,033 
10,033 
206 
0607210D8Z 
INDUSTRIAL BASE ANALYSIS AND SUSTAINMENT SUPPORT ............................................
58,189 
97,439 
Defense industrial skills and technology training systems .........................................................
[4,000 ] 
Demonstration program on domestic production of rare earth elements from coal byproducts
[3,000 ] 
Digital manufacturing .................................................................................................................
[1,500 ] 
Industrial skills training .............................................................................................................
[2,500 ] 
Rare earth element separation technologies ...............................................................................
[7,500 ] 
Submarine construction workforce training pipeline ..................................................................
[20,750 ] 
207 
0607310D8Z 
CWMD SYSTEMS: OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ...............................................
18,721 
18,721 
208 
0607327T 
GLOBAL THEATER SECURITY COOPERATION MANAGEMENT INFORMATION SYSTEMS 
(G-TSCMIS).
7,398 
7,398 
209 
0607384BP 
CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE (OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT) .......
58,261 
58,261 
215 
0302019K 
DEFENSE INFO INFRASTRUCTURE ENGINEERING AND INTEGRATION .............................
16,233 
16,233 
216 
0303126K 
LONG-HAUL COMMUNICATIONS—DCS .....................................................................................
10,275 
10,275 
217 
0303131K 
MINIMUM ESSENTIAL EMERGENCY COMMUNICATIONS NETWORK (MEECN) ....................
4,892 
4,892 
218 
0303136G 
KEY MANAGEMENT INFRASTRUCTURE (KMI) .......................................................................
83,751 
83,751 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00139
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 150-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8682 
November 19, 2021 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line 
Program 
Element 
Item 
FY 2022 
Request 
Senate 
Authorized 
219 
0303140D8Z 
INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM ....................................................................
49,191 
69,191 
Workforce transformation cyber initiative pilot program ..........................................................
[20,000 ] 
220 
0303140G 
INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM ....................................................................
423,745 
463,745 
Additional cybersecurity support for the defense industrial base ...............................................
[25,000 ] 
Pilot program on public-private partnership with internet ecosystem companies .....................
[25,000 ] 
Program reduction .......................................................................................................................
[–10,000 ] 
221 
0303140K 
INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM ....................................................................
5,707 
5,707 
222 
0303150K 
GLOBAL COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM ..........................................................................
4,150 
4,150 
223 
0303153K 
DEFENSE SPECTRUM ORGANIZATION ....................................................................................
19,302 
19,302 
224 
0303228K 
JOINT REGIONAL SECURITY STACKS (JRSS) .........................................................................
9,342 
9,342 
226 
0303430V 
FEDERAL INVESTIGATIVE SERVICES INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY .................................
15,326 
15,326 
232 
0305128V 
SECURITY AND INVESTIGATIVE ACTIVITIES ........................................................................
8,800 
8,800 
235 
0305146V 
DEFENSE JOINT COUNTERINTELLIGENCE ACTIVITIES .......................................................
3,820 
3,820 
237 
0305186D8Z 
POLICY R&D PROGRAMS ..........................................................................................................
4,843 
4,843 
238 
0305199D8Z 
NET CENTRICITY .......................................................................................................................
13,471 
13,471 
240 
0305208BB 
DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS .........................................................
5,994 
5,994 
247 
0305387D8Z 
HOMELAND DEFENSE TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER PROGRAM ...............................................
1,273 
1,273 
255 
0708012K 
LOGISTICS SUPPORT ACTIVITIES ...........................................................................................
1,690 
1,690 
256 
0708012S 
PACIFIC DISASTER CENTERS ..................................................................................................
1,799 
1,799 
257 
0708047S 
DEFENSE PROPERTY ACCOUNTABILITY SYSTEM ................................................................
6,390 
6,390 
259 
1105219BB 
MQ–9 UAV ....................................................................................................................................
19,065 
19,065 
261 
1160403BB 
AVIATION SYSTEMS ..................................................................................................................
173,537 
173,537 
262 
1160405BB 
INTELLIGENCE SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT .............................................................................
32,766 
32,766 
263 
1160408BB 
OPERATIONAL ENHANCEMENTS .............................................................................................
145,830 
145,830 
264 
1160431BB 
WARRIOR SYSTEMS ..................................................................................................................
78,592 
82,803 
SOCOM UFR—Maritime scalable effects acceleration ................................................................
[4,211 ] 
265 
1160432BB 
SPECIAL PROGRAMS .................................................................................................................
6,486 
6,486 
266 
1160434BB 
UNMANNED ISR .........................................................................................................................
18,006 
18,006 
267 
1160480BB 
SOF TACTICAL VEHICLES ........................................................................................................
7,703 
7,703 
268 
1160483BB 
MARITIME SYSTEMS .................................................................................................................
58,430 
58,430 
270 
1160490BB 
OPERATIONAL ENHANCEMENTS INTELLIGENCE ..................................................................
10,990 
10,990 
999 
9999999999 
CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ...........................................................................................................
5,208,029 
5,198,029 
Project A ......................................................................................................................................
[–10,000 ] 
SUBTOTAL OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT .............................................................
6,607,385 
6,700,846 
SOFTWARE AND DIGITAL TECHNOLOGY PILOT PROGRAMS 
272 
0604532K 
JOINT ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE .........................................................................................
186,639 
186,639 
273 
0608197V 
NATIONAL BACKGROUND INVESTIGATION SERVICES—SOFTWARE PILOT PROGRAM ....
123,570 
123,570 
274 
0608648D8Z 
ACQUISITION VISIBILITY—SOFTWARE PILOT PROGRAM ....................................................
18,307 
18,307 
275 
0303150K 
GLOBAL COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM ..........................................................................
32,774 
32,774 
276 
0308588D8Z 
ALGORITHMIC WARFARE CROSS FUNCTIONAL TEAMS—SOFTWARE PILOT PROGRAM ..
247,452 
247,452 
SUBTOTAL SOFTWARE AND DIGITAL TECHNOLOGY PILOT PROGRAMS ...............................
608,742 
608,742 
TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, DW ...........................................................
25,857,875 
27,109,435 
OPERATIONAL TEST & EVAL, DEFENSE 
MANAGEMENT SUPPORT 
1 
0605118OTE 
OPERATIONAL TEST AND EVALUATION ................................................................................
105,394 
105,394 
2 
0605131OTE 
LIVE FIRE TEST AND EVALUATION ........................................................................................
68,549 
68,549 
3 
0605814OTE 
OPERATIONAL TEST ACTIVITIES AND ANALYSES ...............................................................
42,648 
62,648 
Joint Test and Evaluation restoration ........................................................................................
[20,000 ] 
SUBTOTAL MANAGEMENT SUPPORT ........................................................................................
216,591 
236,591 
TOTAL OPERATIONAL TEST & EVAL, DEFENSE .......................................................................
216,591 
236,591 
TOTAL RDT&E .............................................................................................................................
111,964,188 116,106,252 
TITLE XLIII—OPERATION AND 
MAINTENANCE 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE. 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line 
Item 
FY 2022 
Request 
Senate 
Authorized 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY 
OPERATING FORCES 
010 
MANEUVER UNITS .....................................................................................................................................
3,563,856 
3,563,856 
020 
MODULAR SUPPORT BRIGADES ..............................................................................................................
142,082 
142,082 
030 
ECHELONS ABOVE BRIGADE ....................................................................................................................
758,174 
758,174 
040 
THEATER LEVEL ASSETS ........................................................................................................................
2,753,783 
2,867,212 
Army UFR—PM WIN-T SNAP & GRRIP for OIR .........................................................................................
[1,654] 
Army UFR—PM WIN-T SNAP & GRRIP for OSS ........................................................................................
[5,775] 
CENTCOM UFR—PATRIOT support ............................................................................................................
[106,000] 
050 
LAND FORCES OPERATIONS SUPPORT ...................................................................................................
1,110,156 
1,110,156 
060 
AVIATION ASSETS .....................................................................................................................................
1,795,522 
1,795,522 
070 
FORCE READINESS OPERATIONS SUPPORT ..........................................................................................
7,442,976 
7,982,801 
Army UFR—Arctic cold weather gloves ......................................................................................................
[13,867] 
Army UFR—Arctic OCIE .............................................................................................................................
[65,050] 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00140
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 151-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8683 
November 19, 2021 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line 
Item 
FY 2022 
Request 
Senate 
Authorized 
Army UFR—ECWCS procurement ...............................................................................................................
[8,999] 
Army UFR—Female/small stature body armor ...........................................................................................
[81,750] 
Army UFR—Garrison Installation Facilities-Related Control Systems (FRCS) .........................................
[13,071] 
Army UFR—Heavylift transportation for OIR ............................................................................................
[33,854] 
Army UFR—Industrial base special installation control systems ..............................................................
[14,824] 
Army UFR—Medical sustainment level maintenance .................................................................................
[16,400] 
Army UFR—Mission Partner Environment .................................................................................................
[6,300] 
Army UFR—Support to Homeland Contingency Operatons ........................................................................
[228,410] 
Army UFR—TADSS maintenance ...............................................................................................................
[17,000] 
CENTCOM UFR—Heavylift logistics ...........................................................................................................
[40,300] 
080 
LAND FORCES SYSTEMS READINESS .....................................................................................................
580,921 
614,921 
CENTCOM UFR—COMSAT air time ............................................................................................................
[34,000] 
090 
LAND FORCES DEPOT MAINTENANCE ....................................................................................................
1,257,959 
1,590,055 
Army UFR—Aerial-Intelligence, Surveillance, Reconnaissance (A-ISR) Sustainment ...............................
[38,900] 
Army UFR—Communications & Electronics Repair Cycle Float ................................................................
[3,200] 
Army UFR—Tactical Combat Vehicle Repair Cycle Float ..........................................................................
[89,017] 
Army UFR—UH–60 L-L Repair Cycle Float .................................................................................................
[125,565] 
Army UFR—Weapon system software readiness ..........................................................................................
[75,414] 
100 
MEDICAL READINESS ...............................................................................................................................
1,102,964 
1,102,964 
110 
BASE OPERATIONS SUPPORT ..................................................................................................................
8,878,603 
8,946,132 
Army UFR—Accelerate food service modernization ....................................................................................
[25,129] 
Army UFR—Army Climate Assessment Tool (ACAT) .................................................................................
[1,000] 
Army UFR—Electrical grid improvements for electric vehicle charging stations ......................................
[20,000] 
Army UFR—GSA leased vehicles .................................................................................................................
[14,700] 
Army UFR—Monitoring and predicting desertification ..............................................................................
[1,200] 
Army UFR—Multi-Domain Operations-Live ...............................................................................................
[1,500] 
Army UFR—Natural infrastructure and range lands, climate resilence at Ft. Huachuca ..........................
[4,000] 
120 
FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION ........................................................
4,051,869 
4,891,954 
Army UFR—Critical organic industrial base production capacity ..............................................................
[7,400] 
Army UFR—Fort Belvoir CDC Restoration and Modernization ..................................................................
[1,380] 
Army UFR—Fort Polk CDC Restoration and Modernization ......................................................................
[2,305] 
Program increase FSRM to 100% .................................................................................................................
[829,000] 
130 
MANAGEMENT AND OPERATIONAL HEADQUARTERS ..........................................................................
289,891 
289,891 
140 
ADDITIONAL ACTIVITIES .........................................................................................................................
526,517 
578,517 
Army UFR—EDI ADOS ................................................................................................................................
[52,000] 
160 
RESET .........................................................................................................................................................
397,196 
397,196 
170 
US AFRICA COMMAND ...............................................................................................................................
384,791 
518,337 
AFRICOM UFR—Commercial SATCOM ......................................................................................................
[16,500] 
AFRICOM UFR—ISR improvements ...........................................................................................................
[67,000] 
Army UFR—MQ–9 COCO Support to AFRICOM ...........................................................................................
[50,046] 
180 
US EUROPEAN COMMAND .........................................................................................................................
293,932 
335,910 
EUCOM UFR—Information Operations .......................................................................................................
[26,765] 
EUCOM UFR—Mission Partner Environment .............................................................................................
[15,213] 
190 
US SOUTHERN COMMAND .........................................................................................................................
196,726 
196,726 
200 
US FORCES KOREA ....................................................................................................................................
67,052 
67,052 
210 
CYBERSPACE ACTIVITIES—CYBERSPACE OPERATIONS ......................................................................
621,836 
685,898 
Army UFR—Autonomic Security Operations Center ..................................................................................
[1,150] 
Army UFR—Critical infrastructure risk management cyber resiliency mitigations ..................................
[13,630] 
Army UFR—MRCT / Cyber I&W / Ops Cell ...................................................................................................
[4,655] 
Army UFR—Security Operations Center as a Service (SOCaaS) .................................................................
[44,627] 
220 
CYBERSPACE ACTIVITIES—CYBERSECURITY .......................................................................................
629,437 
726,176 
Army UFR—C-SCRM supplier vetting and equipment inspection ...............................................................
[1,200] 
Army UFR—Cybersecurity control systems assessments ...........................................................................
[89,889] 
Army UFR—Cyber-Supply Chain Risk Mgmt (C-SCRM) program ...............................................................
[2,750] 
Army UFR—Defensive cyber sensors ...........................................................................................................
[2,900] 
SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ...............................................................................................................
36,846,243 
39,161,532 
MOBILIZATION 
230 
STRATEGIC MOBILITY ..............................................................................................................................
353,967 
485,063 
Army UFR—APS–3 Afloat ship use rate cost increases ...............................................................................
[114,495] 
Army UFR—Medical CBRN equipment ........................................................................................................
[16,601] 
240 
ARMY PREPOSITIONED STOCKS ..............................................................................................................
381,192 
701,139 
Army UFR—APS–1 CONUS Operational Project Care of Supplies in Storage .............................................
[10,271] 
Army UFR—APS–2 Europe Care of Supplies In Storage ..............................................................................
[193,746] 
Army UFR—APS–4 South Humanitarian Assistance Disaster Relief Site ..................................................
[31,487] 
Army UFR—Medical equipment ..................................................................................................................
[84,443] 
250 
INDUSTRIAL PREPAREDNESS .................................................................................................................
3,810 
3,810 
SUBTOTAL MOBILIZATION ........................................................................................................................
738,969 
1,190,012 
TRAINING AND RECRUITING 
260 
OFFICER ACQUISITION .............................................................................................................................
163,568 
163,568 
270 
RECRUIT TRAINING ..................................................................................................................................
75,140 
75,140 
280 
ONE STATION UNIT TRAINING .................................................................................................................
81,274 
81,274 
290 
SENIOR RESERVE OFFICERS TRAINING CORPS ....................................................................................
520,973 
520,973 
300 
SPECIALIZED SKILL TRAINING ...............................................................................................................
998,869 
998,869 
310 
FLIGHT TRAINING .....................................................................................................................................
1,309,556 
1,309,556 
320 
PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT EDUCATION ........................................................................................
218,651 
218,651 
330 
TRAINING SUPPORT ..................................................................................................................................
616,380 
634,480 
Army UFR—ATRRS Modernization ............................................................................................................
[18,100] 
340 
RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING .............................................................................................................
683,569 
684,963 
Army UFR—Enterprise Technology Integration, Governance, and Engineering Requirements (ETIGER) 
[1,394] 
350 
EXAMINING ................................................................................................................................................
169,442 
169,442 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00141
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 152-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8684 
November 19, 2021 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line 
Item 
FY 2022 
Request 
Senate 
Authorized 
360 
OFF-DUTY AND VOLUNTARY EDUCATION ..............................................................................................
214,923 
231,078 
Army UFR—Tuition assistance ...................................................................................................................
[16,155] 
370 
CIVILIAN EDUCATION AND TRAINING ....................................................................................................
220,589 
220,589 
380 
JUNIOR RESERVE OFFICER TRAINING CORPS ......................................................................................
187,569 
187,569 
SUBTOTAL TRAINING AND RECRUITING .................................................................................................
5,460,503 
5,496,152 
ADMIN & SRVWIDE ACTIVITIES 
400 
SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION ..........................................................................................................
684,562 
776,778 
Army UFR—Second destination transportation ..........................................................................................
[70,716] 
Army UFR—Transportation management system ......................................................................................
[21,500] 
410 
CENTRAL SUPPLY ACTIVITIES ...............................................................................................................
808,895 
898,795 
Army UFR—Advanced additive manufacturing ..........................................................................................
[89,900] 
420 
LOGISTIC SUPPORT ACTIVITIES .............................................................................................................
767,053 
873,517 
Army UFR—AMC LITeS ..............................................................................................................................
[29,104] 
Army UFR—Deployments and mobilizations for Operation Spartan Shield (OSS) .....................................
[77,360] 
430 
AMMUNITION MANAGEMENT ...................................................................................................................
469,038 
469,038 
440 
ADMINISTRATION .....................................................................................................................................
488,535 
492,535 
Joint Counter-UAS Office training support .................................................................................................
[4,000] 
450 
SERVICEWIDE COMMUNICATIONS ...........................................................................................................
1,952,742 
2,018,125 
Army UFR—CHRA IT Cloud ........................................................................................................................
[5,300] 
Army UFR—ERP convergence/modernization .............................................................................................
[49,420] 
Army UFR—Harden CSS VSAT network .....................................................................................................
[10,663] 
460 
MANPOWER MANAGEMENT ......................................................................................................................
323,273 
323,273 
470 
OTHER PERSONNEL SUPPORT .................................................................................................................
663,602 
730,041 
Army UFR—Enterprise Technology Integration, Governance, and Engineering Requirements (ETIGER) 
[1,393] 
Army UFR—HR cloud and IT modernization ..............................................................................................
[29,675] 
Army UFR—integrated Personnel Electronic Records Management System (iPERMS) ............................
[5,371] 
Army UFR—Personnel security investigations ...........................................................................................
[30,000] 
480 
OTHER SERVICE SUPPORT .......................................................................................................................
2,004,981 
2,071,057 
Army UFR—DFAS cost estimation .............................................................................................................
[49,983] 
Army UFR—Presidential and DOD support .................................................................................................
[16,093] 
490 
ARMY CLAIMS ACTIVITIES ......................................................................................................................
180,178 
180,178 
500 
REAL ESTATE MANAGEMENT .................................................................................................................
269,009 
274,009 
Army real estate inventory system .............................................................................................................
[5,000] 
510 
FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT AND AUDIT READINESS ............................................................................
437,940 
437,940 
520 
INTERNATIONAL MILITARY HEADQUARTERS ......................................................................................
482,571 
482,571 
530 
MISC. SUPPORT OF OTHER NATIONS ......................................................................................................
29,670 
29,670 
9999 
CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ...........................................................................................................................
2,008,633 
2,063,571 
Army UFR—Helios Dagger ..........................................................................................................................
[14,710] 
SOUTHCOM UFR—Additional non-traditional ISR operations ...................................................................
[22,228] 
SOUTHCOM UFR—Additional traditional ISR operations ..........................................................................
[18,000] 
SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWIDE ACTIVITIES .............................................................................................
11,570,682 
12,121,098 
UNDISTRIBUTED 
998 
UNDISTRIBUTED .......................................................................................................................................
0 
–826,660 
Bulk fuel adjustment ...................................................................................................................................
[–25,560] 
Foreign currency fluctuations .....................................................................................................................
[–81,000] 
Printing costs reduction ..............................................................................................................................
[–5,100] 
Unobligated balances ...................................................................................................................................
[–715,000] 
SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED .....................................................................................................................
0 
–826,660 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY ...........................................................................................
54,616,397 
57,142,134 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY RES 
OPERATING FORCES 
010 
MODULAR SUPPORT BRIGADES ..............................................................................................................
10,465 
10,465 
020 
ECHELONS ABOVE BRIGADE ....................................................................................................................
554,992 
554,992 
030 
THEATER LEVEL ASSETS ........................................................................................................................
120,892 
120,892 
040 
LAND FORCES OPERATIONS SUPPORT ...................................................................................................
597,718 
597,718 
050 
AVIATION ASSETS .....................................................................................................................................
111,095 
111,095 
060 
FORCE READINESS OPERATIONS SUPPORT ..........................................................................................
385,506 
385,506 
070 
LAND FORCES SYSTEMS READINESS .....................................................................................................
98,021 
98,021 
080 
LAND FORCES DEPOT MAINTENANCE ....................................................................................................
34,368 
34,368 
090 
BASE OPERATIONS SUPPORT ..................................................................................................................
584,513 
620,513 
Army UFR—Repair Transient Training Officer Barracks Bldg 5406, ASA Dix ............................................
[18,000] 
Army UFR—Repair Transient Training Officer Barracks Bldg 5502, ASA Dix ............................................
[18,000] 
100 
FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION ........................................................
342,433 
342,433 
110 
MANAGEMENT AND OPERATIONAL HEADQUARTERS ..........................................................................
22,472 
22,472 
120 
CYBERSPACE ACTIVITIES—CYBERSPACE OPERATIONS ......................................................................
2,764 
2,764 
130 
CYBERSPACE ACTIVITIES—CYBERSECURITY .......................................................................................
7,476 
7,476 
SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ...............................................................................................................
2,872,715 
2,908,715 
ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 
140 
SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION ..........................................................................................................
15,400 
15,400 
150 
ADMINISTRATION .....................................................................................................................................
19,611 
19,611 
160 
SERVICEWIDE COMMUNICATIONS ...........................................................................................................
37,458 
37,458 
170 
MANPOWER MANAGEMENT ......................................................................................................................
7,162 
7,162 
180 
RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING .............................................................................................................
48,289 
48,289 
SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES .................................................................................................
127,920 
127,920 
UNDISTRIBUTED 
998 
UNDISTRIBUTED .......................................................................................................................................
0 
–42,995 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00142
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 153-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8685 
November 19, 2021 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line 
Item 
FY 2022 
Request 
Senate 
Authorized 
Bulk fuel adjustment ...................................................................................................................................
[–3,195] 
Unobligated balances ...................................................................................................................................
[–39,800] 
SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED .....................................................................................................................
0 
–42,995 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY RES ...................................................................................
3,000,635 
2,993,640 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARNG 
OPERATING FORCES 
010 
MANEUVER UNITS .....................................................................................................................................
799,854 
799,854 
020 
MODULAR SUPPORT BRIGADES ..............................................................................................................
211,561 
211,561 
030 
ECHELONS ABOVE BRIGADE ....................................................................................................................
835,709 
835,709 
040 
THEATER LEVEL ASSETS ........................................................................................................................
101,179 
101,179 
050 
LAND FORCES OPERATIONS SUPPORT ...................................................................................................
34,436 
34,436 
060 
AVIATION ASSETS .....................................................................................................................................
1,110,416 
1,110,416 
070 
FORCE READINESS OPERATIONS SUPPORT ..........................................................................................
704,827 
709,827 
CNGB UFR—Weapons of Mass Destruction Civil Support Teams Equipment Sustainment ........................
[5,000] 
080 
LAND FORCES SYSTEMS READINESS .....................................................................................................
47,886 
47,886 
090 
LAND FORCES DEPOT MAINTENANCE ....................................................................................................
244,439 
244,439 
100 
BASE OPERATIONS SUPPORT ..................................................................................................................
1,097,960 
1,097,960 
110 
FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION ........................................................
956,988 
1,007,813 
Army UFR—Force Projection Outload Facility ..........................................................................................
[2,520] 
Army UFR—Operational Readiness Training Complex ...............................................................................
[48,305] 
120 
MANAGEMENT AND OPERATIONAL HEADQUARTERS ..........................................................................
1,047,870 
1,047,870 
130 
CYBERSPACE ACTIVITIES—CYBERSPACE OPERATIONS ......................................................................
8,071 
8,071 
140 
CYBERSPACE ACTIVITIES—CYBERSECURITY .......................................................................................
7,828 
7,828 
SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ...............................................................................................................
7,209,024 
7,264,849 
ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 
150 
SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION ..........................................................................................................
8,017 
8,017 
160 
ADMINISTRATION .....................................................................................................................................
76,993 
106,987 
CNGB UFR—Joint information exchange environment ..............................................................................
[6,300] 
State Partnership Program—restore to FY21 levels ....................................................................................
[23,694] 
170 
SERVICEWIDE COMMUNICATIONS ...........................................................................................................
101,113 
101,113 
180 
MANPOWER MANAGEMENT ......................................................................................................................
8,920 
8,920 
190 
OTHER PERSONNEL SUPPORT .................................................................................................................
240,292 
240,292 
200 
REAL ESTATE MANAGEMENT .................................................................................................................
2,850 
2,850 
SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES .................................................................................................
438,185 
468,179 
UNDISTRIBUTED 
998 
UNDISTRIBUTED .......................................................................................................................................
0 
–113,795 
Bulk fuel adjustment ...................................................................................................................................
[–3,195] 
Unobligated balances ...................................................................................................................................
[–110,600] 
SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED .....................................................................................................................
0 
–113,795 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARNG ...........................................................................................
7,647,209 
7,619,233 
AFGHANISTAN SECURITY FORCES FUND 
AFGHAN NATIONAL ARMY 
010 
SUSTAINMENT ...........................................................................................................................................
1,053,668 
1,053,668 
020 
INFRASTRUCTURE ....................................................................................................................................
1,818 
1,818 
030 
EQUIPMENT AND TRANSPORTATION ......................................................................................................
22,911 
22,911 
040 
TRAINING AND OPERATIONS ...................................................................................................................
31,837 
31,837 
SUBTOTAL AFGHAN NATIONAL ARMY ......................................................................................................
1,110,234 
1,110,234 
AFGHAN NATIONAL POLICE 
050 
SUSTAINMENT ...........................................................................................................................................
440,628 
440,628 
070 
EQUIPMENT AND TRANSPORTATION ......................................................................................................
38,551 
38,551 
080 
TRAINING AND OPERATIONS ...................................................................................................................
38,152 
38,152 
SUBTOTAL AFGHAN NATIONAL POLICE ...................................................................................................
517,331 
517,331 
AFGHAN AIR FORCE 
090 
SUSTAINMENT ...........................................................................................................................................
562,056 
562,056 
110 
EQUIPMENT AND TRANSPORTATION ......................................................................................................
26,600 
26,600 
120 
TRAINING AND OPERATIONS ...................................................................................................................
169,684 
169,684 
SUBTOTAL AFGHAN AIR FORCE ...............................................................................................................
758,340 
758,340 
AFGHAN SPECIAL SECURITY FORCES 
130 
SUSTAINMENT ...........................................................................................................................................
685,176 
685,176 
150 
EQUIPMENT AND TRANSPORTATION ......................................................................................................
78,962 
78,962 
160 
TRAINING AND OPERATIONS ...................................................................................................................
177,767 
177,767 
SUBTOTAL AFGHAN SPECIAL SECURITY FORCES ...................................................................................
941,905 
941,905 
TOTAL AFGHANISTAN SECURITY FORCES FUND ....................................................................................
3,327,810 
3,327,810 
COUNTER ISIS TRAIN AND EQUIP FUND (CTEF) 
COUNTER ISIS TRAIN AND EQUIP FUND (CTEF) 
010 
IRAQ ............................................................................................................................................................
345,000 
345,000 
020 
SYRIA ..........................................................................................................................................................
177,000 
177,000 
SUBTOTAL COUNTER ISIS TRAIN AND EQUIP FUND (CTEF) ..................................................................
522,000 
522,000 
TOTAL COUNTER ISIS TRAIN AND EQUIP FUND (CTEF) .........................................................................
522,000 
522,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00143
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 154-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8686 
November 19, 2021 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line 
Item 
FY 2022 
Request 
Senate 
Authorized 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY 
OPERATING FORCES 
010 
MISSION AND OTHER FLIGHT OPERATIONS ..........................................................................................
6,264,654 
6,545,054 
Navy UFR—Flying hour program - fleet operations ....................................................................................
[280,400] 
020 
FLEET AIR TRAINING ...............................................................................................................................
2,465,007 
2,621,907 
Navy UFR—Flying hour program - fleet replacement squadron .................................................................
[156,900] 
030 
AVIATION TECHNICAL DATA & ENGINEERING SERVICES ...................................................................
55,140 
55,140 
040 
AIR OPERATIONS AND SAFETY SUPPORT .............................................................................................
197,904 
197,904 
050 
AIR SYSTEMS SUPPORT ...........................................................................................................................
1,005,932 
1,005,932 
060 
AIRCRAFT DEPOT MAINTENANCE ...........................................................................................................
1,675,356 
1,897,556 
Navy UFR—Additional aircraft depot maintenance events ........................................................................
[222,200] 
070 
AIRCRAFT DEPOT OPERATIONS SUPPORT ............................................................................................
65,518 
65,518 
080 
AVIATION LOGISTICS ................................................................................................................................
1,460,546 
1,460,546 
090 
MISSION AND OTHER SHIP OPERATIONS ...............................................................................................
5,858,028 
5,934,028 
Navy UFR—Resilient Communications and PNT for Combat Logistics Fleet (CLF) ..................................
[34,000] 
Navy UFR—Submarine Tender Overhaul ....................................................................................................
[42,000] 
100 
SHIP OPERATIONS SUPPORT & TRAINING .............................................................................................
1,154,696 
1,168,196 
Navy UFR—Accelerate Naval Tactical Grid Development for Joint All-Domain Command and Control 
(JADC2).
[200] 
Navy UFR—Naval Operational Business Logistics Enterprise (NOBLE) .....................................................
[13,300] 
110 
SHIP DEPOT MAINTENANCE ....................................................................................................................
10,300,078 
10,339,878 
Navy UFR—A–120 availability .....................................................................................................................
[39,800] 
120 
SHIP DEPOT OPERATIONS SUPPORT ......................................................................................................
2,188,454 
2,224,454 
Navy UFR—CG Modernization Pricing ........................................................................................................
[36,000] 
130 
COMBAT COMMUNICATIONS AND ELECTRONIC WARFARE ..................................................................
1,551,846 
1,551,846 
140 
SPACE SYSTEMS AND SURVEILLANCE ..................................................................................................
327,251 
339,251 
Navy UFR—T-AGOS maintenance and repair .............................................................................................
[12,000] 
150 
WARFARE TACTICS ...................................................................................................................................
798,082 
798,082 
160 
OPERATIONAL METEOROLOGY AND OCEANOGRAPHY .........................................................................
447,486 
447,486 
170 
COMBAT SUPPORT FORCES .....................................................................................................................
2,250,756 
2,297,856 
CENTCOM UFR—Naval patrol craft support ...............................................................................................
[47,100] 
180 
EQUIPMENT MAINTENANCE AND DEPOT OPERATIONS SUPPORT ......................................................
192,968 
192,968 
190 
COMBATANT COMMANDERS CORE OPERATIONS ..................................................................................
61,614 
61,614 
200 
COMBATANT COMMANDERS DIRECT MISSION SUPPORT .....................................................................
198,596 
449,436 
INDOPACOM UFR—Critical HQ manpower positions .................................................................................
[4,620] 
INDOPACOM UFR—Future fusion centers ..................................................................................................
[3,300] 
INDOPACOM UFR—ISR augmentation .......................................................................................................
[41,000] 
INDOPACOM UFR—Mission Partner Environment .....................................................................................
[54,010] 
INDOPACOM UFR—Multi-Domain Training and Experimentation Capability ..........................................
[59,410] 
INDOPACOM UFR—Pacific Movement Coordination Center ......................................................................
[500] 
INDOPACOM UFR—Wargaming analytical tools ........................................................................................
[88,000] 
210 
MILITARY INFORMATION SUPPORT OPERATIONS ...............................................................................
8,984 
36,984 
INDOPACOM UFR—Military Information Support Ops ..............................................................................
[28,000] 
220 
CYBERSPACE ACTIVITIES ........................................................................................................................
565,926 
560,926 
Identity, credentialing, and access management reduction ........................................................................
[–5,000] 
230 
FLEET BALLISTIC MISSILE .....................................................................................................................
1,476,247 
1,476,247 
240 
WEAPONS MAINTENANCE ........................................................................................................................
1,538,743 
1,538,743 
250 
OTHER WEAPON SYSTEMS SUPPORT .....................................................................................................
592,357 
592,357 
260 
ENTERPRISE INFORMATION ....................................................................................................................
734,970 
734,970 
270 
SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION AND MODERNIZATION ........................................................................
2,961,937 
3,536,937 
Program increase FSRM to 100% .................................................................................................................
[575,000] 
280 
BASE OPERATING SUPPORT ....................................................................................................................
4,826,314 
4,826,314 
SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ...............................................................................................................
51,225,390 
52,958,130 
MOBILIZATION 
290 
SHIP PREPOSITIONING AND SURGE ........................................................................................................
457,015 
506,315 
Navy UFR—Maritime Prepositioning Force (MPF) Engine Overhauls ........................................................
[49,300] 
300 
READY RESERVE FORCE ..........................................................................................................................
645,522 
645,522 
310 
SHIP ACTIVATIONS/INACTIVATIONS ......................................................................................................
353,530 
353,530 
320 
EXPEDITIONARY HEALTH SERVICES SYSTEMS ...................................................................................
149,384 
164,184 
Navy UFR—Expeditionary medical readiness .............................................................................................
[14,800] 
330 
COAST GUARD SUPPORT ..........................................................................................................................
20,639 
20,639 
SUBTOTAL MOBILIZATION ........................................................................................................................
1,626,090 
1,690,190 
TRAINING AND RECRUITING 
340 
OFFICER ACQUISITION .............................................................................................................................
172,913 
172,913 
350 
RECRUIT TRAINING ..................................................................................................................................
13,813 
13,813 
360 
RESERVE OFFICERS TRAINING CORPS ..................................................................................................
167,152 
167,152 
370 
SPECIALIZED SKILL TRAINING ...............................................................................................................
1,053,104 
1,053,104 
380 
PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT EDUCATION ........................................................................................
311,209 
311,209 
390 
TRAINING SUPPORT ..................................................................................................................................
306,302 
306,302 
400 
RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING .............................................................................................................
205,219 
205,219 
410 
OFF-DUTY AND VOLUNTARY EDUCATION ..............................................................................................
79,053 
79,053 
420 
CIVILIAN EDUCATION AND TRAINING ....................................................................................................
109,754 
109,754 
430 
JUNIOR ROTC .............................................................................................................................................
57,323 
57,323 
SUBTOTAL TRAINING AND RECRUITING .................................................................................................
2,475,842 
2,475,842 
ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 
440 
ADMINISTRATION .....................................................................................................................................
1,268,961 
1,268,961 
450 
CIVILIAN MANPOWER AND PERSONNEL MANAGEMENT ......................................................................
212,952 
212,952 
460 
MILITARY MANPOWER AND PERSONNEL MANAGEMENT ....................................................................
562,546 
562,546 
470 
MEDICAL ACTIVITIES ...............................................................................................................................
285,436 
285,436 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00144
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 155-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8687 
November 19, 2021 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line 
Item 
FY 2022 
Request 
Senate 
Authorized 
480 
SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION ..........................................................................................................
217,782 
217,782 
500 
PLANNING, ENGINEERING, AND PROGRAM SUPPORT ..........................................................................
479,480 
479,480 
510 
ACQUISITION, LOGISTICS, AND OVERSIGHT ..........................................................................................
741,045 
741,045 
520 
INVESTIGATIVE AND SECURITY SERVICES ...........................................................................................
738,187 
738,187 
9999 
CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ...........................................................................................................................
607,517 
607,517 
SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES .................................................................................................
5,113,906 
5,113,906 
UNDISTRIBUTED 
998 
UNDISTRIBUTED .......................................................................................................................................
0 
–377,115 
Bulk fuel adjustment ...................................................................................................................................
[–54,315] 
Foreign currency fluctuations .....................................................................................................................
[–96,000] 
Printing costs reduction ..............................................................................................................................
[–5,100] 
Unobligated balances ...................................................................................................................................
[–221,700] 
SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED .....................................................................................................................
0 
–377,115 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY ...........................................................................................
60,441,228 
61,860,953 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MARINE CORPS 
OPERATING FORCES 
010 
OPERATIONAL FORCES ............................................................................................................................
1,587,456 
1,632,756 
Marine Corps UFR—Plate Carrier Gen III ...................................................................................................
[45,300] 
020 
FIELD LOGISTICS ......................................................................................................................................
1,532,630 
1,532,630 
030 
DEPOT MAINTENANCE ..............................................................................................................................
215,949 
215,949 
040 
MARITIME PREPOSITIONING ...................................................................................................................
107,969 
107,969 
050 
CYBERSPACE ACTIVITIES ........................................................................................................................
233,486 
233,486 
060 
SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION .............................................................................
1,221,117 
1,445,117 
Program increase FSRM to 100% .................................................................................................................
[224,000] 
070 
BASE OPERATING SUPPORT ....................................................................................................................
2,563,278 
2,563,278 
SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ...............................................................................................................
7,461,885 
7,731,185 
TRAINING AND RECRUITING 
080 
RECRUIT TRAINING ..................................................................................................................................
24,729 
24,729 
090 
OFFICER ACQUISITION .............................................................................................................................
1,208 
1,208 
100 
SPECIALIZED SKILL TRAINING ...............................................................................................................
110,752 
110,752 
110 
PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT EDUCATION ........................................................................................
61,539 
61,539 
120 
TRAINING SUPPORT ..................................................................................................................................
490,975 
490,975 
130 
RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING .............................................................................................................
223,643 
223,643 
140 
OFF-DUTY AND VOLUNTARY EDUCATION ..............................................................................................
49,369 
49,369 
150 
JUNIOR ROTC .............................................................................................................................................
26,065 
26,065 
SUBTOTAL TRAINING AND RECRUITING .................................................................................................
988,280 
988,280 
ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 
160 
SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION ..........................................................................................................
100,475 
100,475 
170 
ADMINISTRATION .....................................................................................................................................
410,729 
410,729 
9999 
CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ...........................................................................................................................
63,422 
63,422 
SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES .................................................................................................
574,626 
574,626 
UNDISTRIBUTED 
998 
UNDISTRIBUTED .......................................................................................................................................
0 
–108,815 
Bulk fuel adjustment ...................................................................................................................................
[–54,315] 
Foreign currency fluctuations .....................................................................................................................
[–12,000] 
Printing costs reduction ..............................................................................................................................
[–5,100] 
Unobligated balances ...................................................................................................................................
[–37,400] 
SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED .....................................................................................................................
0 
–108,815 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MARINE CORPS ..........................................................................
9,024,791 
9,185,276 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY RES 
OPERATING FORCES 
010 
MISSION AND OTHER FLIGHT OPERATIONS ..........................................................................................
628,522 
628,522 
020 
INTERMEDIATE MAINTENANCE ..............................................................................................................
9,593 
9,593 
030 
AIRCRAFT DEPOT MAINTENANCE ...........................................................................................................
135,280 
135,280 
040 
AIRCRAFT DEPOT OPERATIONS SUPPORT ............................................................................................
497 
497 
050 
AVIATION LOGISTICS ................................................................................................................................
29,435 
29,435 
070 
COMBAT COMMUNICATIONS .....................................................................................................................
18,469 
18,469 
080 
COMBAT SUPPORT FORCES .....................................................................................................................
136,710 
136,710 
090 
CYBERSPACE ACTIVITIES ........................................................................................................................
440 
440 
100 
ENTERPRISE INFORMATION ....................................................................................................................
26,628 
26,628 
110 
SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION AND MODERNIZATION ........................................................................
42,311 
42,311 
120 
BASE OPERATING SUPPORT ....................................................................................................................
103,606 
103,606 
SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ...............................................................................................................
1,131,491 
1,131,491 
ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 
130 
ADMINISTRATION .....................................................................................................................................
1,943 
1,943 
140 
MILITARY MANPOWER AND PERSONNEL MANAGEMENT ....................................................................
12,191 
12,191 
150 
ACQUISITION AND PROGRAM MANAGEMENT ........................................................................................
3,073 
3,073 
SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES .................................................................................................
17,207 
17,207 
UNDISTRIBUTED 
998 
UNDISTRIBUTED .......................................................................................................................................
0 
–17,495 
Bulk fuel adjustment ...................................................................................................................................
[–3,195] 
Unobligated balances ...................................................................................................................................
[–14,300] 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00145
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 156-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8688 
November 19, 2021 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line 
Item 
FY 2022 
Request 
Senate 
Authorized 
SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED .....................................................................................................................
0 
–17,495 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY RES ...................................................................................
1,148,698 
1,131,203 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MC RESERVE 
OPERATING FORCES 
010 
OPERATING FORCES .................................................................................................................................
102,271 
148,171 
Marine Corps UFR—Individual combat clothing and equipment ................................................................
[45,900] 
020 
DEPOT MAINTENANCE ..............................................................................................................................
16,811 
16,811 
030 
SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION AND MODERNIZATION ........................................................................
42,702 
42,702 
040 
BASE OPERATING SUPPORT ....................................................................................................................
109,210 
109,210 
SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ...............................................................................................................
270,994 
316,894 
ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 
050 
ADMINISTRATION .....................................................................................................................................
14,056 
14,056 
SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES .................................................................................................
14,056 
14,056 
UNDISTRIBUTED 
998 
UNDISTRIBUTED .......................................................................................................................................
0 
–7,695 
Bulk fuel adjustment ...................................................................................................................................
[–3,195] 
Unobligated balances ...................................................................................................................................
[–4,500] 
SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED .....................................................................................................................
0 
–7,695 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MC RESERVE ..............................................................................
285,050 
323,255 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AIR FORCE 
OPERATING FORCES 
010 
PRIMARY COMBAT FORCES .....................................................................................................................
706,860 
706,860 
020 
COMBAT ENHANCEMENT FORCES ...........................................................................................................
2,382,448 
2,478,948 
Air Force UFR—Build command and control framework ............................................................................
[5,000] 
Air Force UFR—Weapon system sustainment .............................................................................................
[37,000] 
CENTCOM UFR—Additional ISR ................................................................................................................
[53,000] 
EUCOM UFR—Air Base Air Defense Operations Center ..............................................................................
[1,500] 
030 
AIR OPERATIONS TRAINING (OJT, MAINTAIN SKILLS) ........................................................................
1,555,320 
1,840,320 
Air Force UFR—FSRM ................................................................................................................................
[285,000] 
040 
DEPOT PURCHASE EQUIPMENT MAINTENANCE ....................................................................................
3,661,762 
3,870,762 
Air Force UFR—Weapon system sustainment .............................................................................................
[209,000] 
050 
FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION ........................................................
3,867,114 
4,611,114 
Program increase FSRM to 100% .................................................................................................................
[744,000] 
060 
CYBERSPACE SUSTAINMENT ..................................................................................................................
179,568 
295,568 
Air Force UFR—Weapon system sustainment .............................................................................................
[116,000] 
070 
CONTRACTOR LOGISTICS SUPPORT AND SYSTEM SUPPORT ..............................................................
8,457,653 
9,186,653 
A–10/F–35 contract maintenance ..................................................................................................................
[156,000] 
Air Force UFR—Build command and control framework ............................................................................
[112,000] 
Air Force UFR—F–35 weapon system sustainment ......................................................................................
[185,000] 
Air Force UFR—Weapon system sustainment .............................................................................................
[276,000] 
080 
FLYING HOUR PROGRAM ..........................................................................................................................
5,646,730 
6,115,730 
Air Force UFR—Weapon system sustainment .............................................................................................
[114,000] 
Restore A10s divestment ..............................................................................................................................
[272,000] 
Restore C130s divestment .............................................................................................................................
[83,000] 
090 
BASE SUPPORT ..........................................................................................................................................
9,846,037 
9,931,037 
Air Force UFR—Build command and control framework ............................................................................
[85,000] 
100 
GLOBAL C3I AND EARLY WARNING .........................................................................................................
979,705 
979,705 
110 
OTHER COMBAT OPS SPT PROGRAMS ....................................................................................................
1,418,515 
1,424,825 
Commercial economic analysis program reduction .....................................................................................
[–3,000] 
EUCOM UFR—Air base air defense ..............................................................................................................
[110] 
EUCOM UFR—Mission Partner Environment .............................................................................................
[9,200] 
120 
CYBERSPACE ACTIVITIES ........................................................................................................................
864,761 
864,761 
150 
SPACE CONTROL SYSTEMS ......................................................................................................................
13,223 
13,223 
160 
US NORTHCOM/NORAD ..............................................................................................................................
196,774 
196,774 
170 
US STRATCOM ............................................................................................................................................
475,015 
475,015 
180 
US CYBERCOM ............................................................................................................................................
389,663 
420,963 
CYBERCOM UFR—Acceleration of cyber intelligence ................................................................................
[3,200] 
CYBERCOM UFR—Acquisition personnel ...................................................................................................
[4,800] 
CYBERCOM UFR—Advanced cyber training ...............................................................................................
[23,300] 
190 
US CENTCOM ..............................................................................................................................................
372,354 
391,354 
CENTCOM UFR—MISO program .................................................................................................................
[24,000] 
Program reduction to OSCI .........................................................................................................................
[–5,000] 
200 
US SOCOM ...................................................................................................................................................
28,733 
28,733 
220 
CENTCOM CYBERSPACE SUSTAINMENT .................................................................................................
1,289 
1,289 
230 
USSPACECOM .............................................................................................................................................
272,601 
329,601 
SPACECOM UFR—Bridging space protection gaps .....................................................................................
[30,200] 
SPACECOM UFR—Pathway to full operational capability .........................................................................
[26,800] 
9999 
CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ...........................................................................................................................
1,454,383 
1,443,883 
Capabilities Management Office reduction ..................................................................................................
[–5,000] 
CCMD Intelligence Information Technology reduction ...............................................................................
[–3,000] 
Strategy Coordination reduction .................................................................................................................
[–2,500] 
SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ...............................................................................................................
42,770,508 
45,607,118 
MOBILIZATION 
240 
AIRLIFT OPERATIONS ..............................................................................................................................
2,422,784 
2,422,784 
250 
MOBILIZATION PREPAREDNESS .............................................................................................................
667,851 
667,851 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00146
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 157-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8689 
November 19, 2021 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line 
Item 
FY 2022 
Request 
Senate 
Authorized 
SUBTOTAL MOBILIZATION ........................................................................................................................
3,090,635 
3,090,635 
TRAINING AND RECRUITING 
260 
OFFICER ACQUISITION .............................................................................................................................
156,193 
156,193 
270 
RECRUIT TRAINING ..................................................................................................................................
26,072 
26,072 
280 
RESERVE OFFICERS TRAINING CORPS (ROTC) ......................................................................................
127,693 
127,693 
290 
SPECIALIZED SKILL TRAINING ...............................................................................................................
491,286 
491,286 
300 
FLIGHT TRAINING .....................................................................................................................................
718,742 
718,742 
310 
PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT EDUCATION ........................................................................................
302,092 
302,092 
320 
TRAINING SUPPORT ..................................................................................................................................
162,165 
162,165 
330 
RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING .............................................................................................................
171,339 
171,339 
340 
EXAMINING ................................................................................................................................................
8,178 
8,178 
350 
OFF-DUTY AND VOLUNTARY EDUCATION ..............................................................................................
236,760 
236,760 
360 
CIVILIAN EDUCATION AND TRAINING ....................................................................................................
306,602 
306,602 
370 
JUNIOR ROTC .............................................................................................................................................
65,940 
65,940 
SUBTOTAL TRAINING AND RECRUITING .................................................................................................
2,773,062 
2,773,062 
ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 
380 
LOGISTICS OPERATIONS ..........................................................................................................................
1,062,709 
1,062,709 
390 
TECHNICAL SUPPORT ACTIVITIES .........................................................................................................
169,957 
169,957 
400 
ADMINISTRATION .....................................................................................................................................
1,005,827 
1,005,827 
410 
SERVICEWIDE COMMUNICATIONS ...........................................................................................................
31,054 
31,054 
420 
OTHER SERVICEWIDE ACTIVITIES ..........................................................................................................
1,470,757 
1,476,757 
Air Force UFR—Build command and control framework ............................................................................
[6,000] 
430 
CIVIL AIR PATROL ....................................................................................................................................
29,128 
29,128 
450 
INTERNATIONAL SUPPORT ......................................................................................................................
81,118 
81,118 
9999 
CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ...........................................................................................................................
1,391,720 
1,391,720 
SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES .................................................................................................
5,242,270 
5,248,270 
UNDISTRIBUTED 
998 
UNDISTRIBUTED .......................................................................................................................................
0 
–594,865 
Bulk fuel adjustment ...................................................................................................................................
[–150,165] 
Foreign currency fluctuations .....................................................................................................................
[–81,000] 
Printing costs reduction ..............................................................................................................................
[–5,100] 
Unobligated balances ...................................................................................................................................
[–358,600] 
SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED .....................................................................................................................
0 
–594,865 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AIR FORCE ..................................................................................
53,876,475 
56,124,220 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, SPACE FORCE 
OPERATING FORCES 
010 
GLOBAL C3I & EARLY WARNING ..............................................................................................................
495,615 
521,315 
Space Force UFR—Maintenance contracts for missile warning and defense systems .................................
[25,700] 
020 
SPACE LAUNCH OPERATIONS ..................................................................................................................
185,700 
185,700 
030 
SPACE OPERATIONS .................................................................................................................................
611,269 
620,769 
Space Force UFR—Increase opeational support to SPACECOM .................................................................
[5,500] 
Space Force UFR—Space Commercially Augmented Mission Platform ......................................................
[4,000] 
040 
EDUCATION & TRAINING ..........................................................................................................................
22,887 
108,887 
Space Force UFR—Accelerate Space Force PME ........................................................................................
[86,000] 
060 
DEPOT MAINTENANCE ..............................................................................................................................
280,165 
306,365 
Space Force UFR—Weapon system sustainment .........................................................................................
[26,200] 
070 
FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION ........................................................
213,347 
281,147 
Space Force UFR—Aircraft fire training mock-up ......................................................................................
[1,500] 
Space Force UFR—FSRM Cheyenne Mountain Complex .............................................................................
[66,300] 
080 
CONTRACTOR LOGISTICS AND SYSTEM SUPPORT ...............................................................................
1,158,707 
1,254,707 
Space Force UFR—Weapon system sustainment .........................................................................................
[96,000] 
090 
SPACE OPERATIONS -BOS ........................................................................................................................
143,520 
143,520 
9999 
CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ...........................................................................................................................
172,755 
172,755 
SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ...............................................................................................................
3,283,965 
3,595,165 
ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICE WIDE ACTIVITIES 
100 
ADMINISTRATION .....................................................................................................................................
156,747 
156,747 
SUBTOTAL ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICE WIDE ACTIVITIES .............................................................
156,747 
156,747 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, SPACE FORCE ............................................................................
3,440,712 
3,751,912 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AF RESERVE 
OPERATING FORCES 
010 
PRIMARY COMBAT FORCES .....................................................................................................................
1,665,015 
1,665,015 
020 
MISSION SUPPORT OPERATIONS ............................................................................................................
179,486 
179,486 
030 
DEPOT PURCHASE EQUIPMENT MAINTENANCE ....................................................................................
530,540 
530,540 
040 
FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION ........................................................
114,987 
123,987 
Air Force UFR—FSRM ................................................................................................................................
[9,000] 
050 
CONTRACTOR LOGISTICS SUPPORT AND SYSTEM SUPPORT ..............................................................
254,831 
254,831 
060 
BASE SUPPORT ..........................................................................................................................................
470,801 
470,801 
070 
CYBERSPACE ACTIVITIES ........................................................................................................................
1,372 
1,372 
SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ...............................................................................................................
3,217,032 
3,226,032 
ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICEWIDE ACTIVITIES 
080 
ADMINISTRATION .....................................................................................................................................
91,289 
91,289 
090 
RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING .............................................................................................................
23,181 
23,181 
100 
MILITARY MANPOWER AND PERS MGMT (ARPC) ..................................................................................
13,966 
13,966 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00147
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 158-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8690 
November 19, 2021 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line 
Item 
FY 2022 
Request 
Senate 
Authorized 
110 
OTHER PERS SUPPORT (DISABILITY COMP) ..........................................................................................
6,196 
6,196 
120 
AUDIOVISUAL ............................................................................................................................................
442 
442 
SUBTOTAL ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICEWIDE ACTIVITIES .............................................................
135,074 
135,074 
UNDISTRIBUTED 
998 
UNDISTRIBUTED .......................................................................................................................................
0 
–43,295 
Bulk fuel adjustment ...................................................................................................................................
[–3,195] 
Unobligated balances ...................................................................................................................................
[–40,100] 
SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED .....................................................................................................................
0 
–43,295 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AF RESERVE ...............................................................................
3,352,106 
3,317,811 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ANG 
OPERATING FORCES 
010 
AIRCRAFT OPERATIONS ...........................................................................................................................
2,281,432 
2,281,432 
020 
MISSION SUPPORT OPERATIONS ............................................................................................................
582,848 
588,748 
CNGB UFR—HRF/CERFP sustainment .......................................................................................................
[5,900] 
030 
DEPOT PURCHASE EQUIPMENT MAINTENANCE ....................................................................................
1,241,318 
1,241,318 
040 
FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION ........................................................
353,193 
379,193 
Air Force UFR—FSRM ................................................................................................................................
[26,000] 
050 
CONTRACTOR LOGISTICS SUPPORT AND SYSTEM SUPPORT ..............................................................
1,077,654 
1,077,654 
060 
BASE SUPPORT ..........................................................................................................................................
908,198 
925,598 
CNGB UFR—Security forces hearing and comm package ...........................................................................
[17,400] 
070 
CYBERSPACE SUSTAINMENT ..................................................................................................................
23,895 
23,895 
080 
CYBERSPACE ACTIVITIES ........................................................................................................................
17,263 
17,263 
SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ...............................................................................................................
6,485,801 
6,535,101 
ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICE-WIDE ACTIVITIES 
090 
ADMINISTRATION .....................................................................................................................................
46,455 
46,455 
100 
RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING .............................................................................................................
41,764 
41,764 
SUBTOTAL ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICE-WIDE ACTIVITIES .............................................................
88,219 
88,219 
UNDISTRIBUTED 
998 
UNDISTRIBUTED .......................................................................................................................................
0 
–66,275 
Bulk fuel adjustment ...................................................................................................................................
[–15,975] 
Unobligated balances ...................................................................................................................................
[–50,300] 
SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED .....................................................................................................................
0 
–66,275 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ANG .............................................................................................
6,574,020 
6,557,045 
OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, DEFENSE-WIDE 
OPERATING FORCES 
010 
JOINT CHIEFS OF STAFF ..........................................................................................................................
407,240 
407,240 
020 
JOINT CHIEFS OF STAFF—CE2T2 .............................................................................................................
554,634 
677,734 
AFRICOM UFR—Joint Exercise Program ...................................................................................................
[18,000] 
CENTCOM UFR—EAGER LION ...................................................................................................................
[20,000] 
INDOPACOM UFR—Joint Exercise Program ..............................................................................................
[35,100] 
Joint Exercise Program—restore to FY21 levels .........................................................................................
[50,000] 
030 
JOINT CHIEFS OF STAFF—CYBER ...........................................................................................................
8,098 
8,098 
050 
SPECIAL OPERATIONS COMMAND COMBAT DEVELOPMENT ACTIVITIES .........................................
2,044,479 
2,047,789 
SOCOM UFR—Armored ground mobility systems acceleration ..................................................................
[3,310] 
060 
SPECIAL OPERATIONS COMMAND CYBERSPACE ACTIVITIES .............................................................
45,851 
45,851 
070 
SPECIAL OPERATIONS COMMAND INTELLIGENCE ...............................................................................
1,614,757 
1,614,757 
080 
SPECIAL OPERATIONS COMMAND MAINTENANCE ...............................................................................
1,081,869 
1,088,210 
SOCOM UFR—Modernized forward look sonar ............................................................................................
[900] 
SOCOM UFR—Personal signature management acceleration .....................................................................
[5,441] 
090 
SPECIAL OPERATIONS COMMAND MANAGEMENT/OPERATIONAL HEADQUARTERS ........................
180,042 
180,042 
100 
SPECIAL OPERATIONS COMMAND OPERATIONAL SUPPORT ...............................................................
1,202,060 
1,202,060 
110 
SPECIAL OPERATIONS COMMAND THEATER FORCES ..........................................................................
3,175,789 
3,175,789 
SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ...............................................................................................................
10,314,819 
10,447,570 
TRAINING AND RECRUITING 
130 
DEFENSE ACQUISITION UNIVERSITY .....................................................................................................
171,607 
171,607 
140 
JOINT CHIEFS OF STAFF ..........................................................................................................................
92,905 
92,905 
150 
PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT EDUCATION ........................................................................................
31,669 
31,669 
SUBTOTAL TRAINING AND RECRUITING .................................................................................................
296,181 
296,181 
ADMIN & SRVWIDE ACTIVITIES 
170 
CIVIL MILITARY PROGRAMS ...................................................................................................................
137,311 
157,311 
Innovative readiness training increase ........................................................................................................
[5,000] 
STARBASE ..................................................................................................................................................
[15,000] 
190 
DEFENSE CONTRACT AUDIT AGENCY .....................................................................................................
618,526 
618,526 
200 
DEFENSE CONTRACT AUDIT AGENCY—CYBER ......................................................................................
3,984 
3,984 
220 
DEFENSE CONTRACT MANAGEMENT AGENCY ......................................................................................
1,438,296 
1,438,296 
230 
DEFENSE CONTRACT MANAGEMENT AGENCY—CYBER .......................................................................
11,999 
11,999 
240 
DEFENSE COUNTERINTELLIGENCE AND SECURITY AGENCY .............................................................
941,488 
946,488 
DCSA Analytic tools for assessing FOCI .....................................................................................................
[5,000] 
260 
DEFENSE COUNTERINTELLIGENCE AND SECURITY AGENCY—CYBER ..............................................
9,859 
9,859 
270 
DEFENSE HUMAN RESOURCES ACTIVITY ..............................................................................................
816,168 
831,168 
Troops-to-Teachers ......................................................................................................................................
[15,000] 
280 
DEFENSE HUMAN RESOURCES ACTIVITY—CYBER ...............................................................................
17,655 
17,655 
290 
DEFENSE INFORMATION SYSTEMS AGENCY .........................................................................................
1,913,734 
1,955,734 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00148
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 159-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8691 
November 19, 2021 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line 
Item 
FY 2022 
Request 
Senate 
Authorized 
milCloud 2.0 migration ................................................................................................................................
[42,000] 
310 
DEFENSE INFORMATION SYSTEMS AGENCY—CYBER ..........................................................................
530,278 
615,378 
Automated C2, orchestration, other increased capabilities for JFHQ-DODIN ............................................
[25,000] 
CYBERCOM UFR—Hardening of DODIN .....................................................................................................
[60,100] 
350 
DEFENSE LEGAL SERVICES AGENCY .....................................................................................................
229,498 
229,498 
360 
DEFENSE LOGISTICS AGENCY .................................................................................................................
402,864 
402,864 
370 
DEFENSE MEDIA ACTIVITY .....................................................................................................................
222,655 
222,655 
380 
DEFENSE PERSONNEL ACCOUNTING AGENCY ......................................................................................
130,174 
130,174 
390 
DEFENSE SECURITY COOPERATION AGENCY ........................................................................................
2,067,446 
2,405,736 
AFRICOM UFR—AFRICOM security cooperation program increase ..........................................................
[60,000] 
Increase to Ukraine Security Assistance Initiative ....................................................................................
[50,000] 
INDOPACOM UFR—INDOPACOM security cooperation program increase .................................................
[130,600] 
Joint Combined Exchange Training—restore to FY21 levels .......................................................................
[3,190] 
SOUTHCOM UFR—Air Mobility Initiative ..................................................................................................
[85,000] 
SOUTHCOM UFR—Central America Border Security Initiative .................................................................
[9,500] 
420 
DEFENSE TECHNOLOGY SECURITY ADMINISTRATION ........................................................................
39,305 
39,305 
440 
DEFENSE THREAT REDUCTION AGENCY ................................................................................................
885,749 
885,749 
460 
DEFENSE THREAT REDUCTION AGENCY—CYBER .................................................................................
36,736 
36,736 
470 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE EDUCATION ACTIVITY .............................................................................
3,138,345 
3,208,345 
Impact Aid for children with severe disabilities .........................................................................................
[20,000] 
Impact Aid for schools with military dependent students ..........................................................................
[50,000] 
490 
MISSILE DEFENSE AGENCY .....................................................................................................................
502,450 
502,450 
530 
OFFICE OF THE LOCAL DEFENSE COMMUNITY COOPERATION—OSD .................................................
89,686 
89,686 
540 
OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY OF DEFENSE ............................................................................................
1,766,614 
1,864,114 
Analytical tools in evaluating energy resilience measures .........................................................................
[2,000] 
Bien Hoa dioxin cleanup ..............................................................................................................................
[15,000] 
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention nation-wide human health assessment ..................................
[15,000] 
Congressional Hearings and Reporting Requirements Tracking System modernization ............................
[2,000] 
Cost Assessment Data Enterprise ................................................................................................................
[3,500] 
Defense Environmental International Cooperation program increase ........................................................
[2,000] 
Interstate compacts on licensed occupations ..............................................................................................
[4,000] 
Joint Aviation Safety Council .....................................................................................................................
[4,000] 
Office of the Secretary of Defense civilian workforce .................................................................................
[25,000] 
Personnel in the Office of Assistant Secretary of Defense Sustainment and Environment, Safety, and 
Occupational Health.
[5,000] 
Strategic competition initiative .................................................................................................................
[20,000] 
550 
OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY OF DEFENSE—CYBER .............................................................................
32,851 
32,851 
560 
SPACE DEVELOPMENT AGENCY ..............................................................................................................
53,851 
53,851 
570 
WASHINGTON HEADQUARTERS SERVICES ............................................................................................
369,698 
369,698 
999 
CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ...........................................................................................................................
17,900,146 
17,900,146 
SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWIDE ACTIVITIES .............................................................................................
34,307,366 
34,980,256 
TOTAL OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, DEFENSE-WIDE ......................................................................
44,918,366 
45,079,862 
UNDISTRIBUTED 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, DEFENSE-WIDE 
998 
UNDISTRIBUTED .......................................................................................................................................
0 
–644,145 
Bulk fuel adjustment ...................................................................................................................................
[–3,195] 
Foreign currency fluctuations .....................................................................................................................
[–30,000] 
Printing costs reduction ..............................................................................................................................
[–5,100] 
Program reduction—SOCOM unjustified increase in management and headquarters expenses ..................
[–28,650] 
Unobligated balances ...................................................................................................................................
[–577,200] 
SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED .....................................................................................................................
0 
–644,145 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, DEFENSE-WIDE ..........................................................................
0 
161,496 
MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATIONS 
US COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE ARMED FORCES, DEF 
010 
US COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE ARMED FORCES, DEFENSE ............................................................
15,589 
15,589 
SUBTOTAL US COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE ARMED FORCES, DEF .....................................................
15,589 
15,589 
TOTAL MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATIONS ............................................................................................
15,589 
15,589 
MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATIONS 
OVERSEAS HUMANITARIAN, DISASTER, AND CIVIC AID 
010 
OVERSEAS HUMANITARIAN, DISASTER AND CIVIC AID ......................................................................
110,051 
135,051 
Program increase .........................................................................................................................................
[25,000] 
SUBTOTAL OVERSEAS HUMANITARIAN, DISASTER, AND CIVIC AID ......................................................
110,051 
135,051 
TOTAL MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATIONS ............................................................................................
110,051 
135,051 
MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATIONS 
COOPERATIVE THREAT REDUCTION ACCOUNT 
010 
COOPERATIVE THREAT REDUCTION .......................................................................................................
239,849 
239,849 
SUBTOTAL COOPERATIVE THREAT REDUCTION ACCOUNT ...................................................................
239,849 
239,849 
TOTAL MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATIONS ............................................................................................
239,849 
239,849 
MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATIONS 
ACQUISITION WORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT 
010 
ACQ WORKFORCE DEV FD ........................................................................................................................
54,679 
54,679 
SUBTOTAL ACQUISITION WORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT .........................................................................
54,679 
54,679 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00149
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 160-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8692 
November 19, 2021 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line 
Item 
FY 2022 
Request 
Senate 
Authorized 
TOTAL MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATIONS ............................................................................................
54,679 
54,679 
MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATIONS 
ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, ARMY 
050 
ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, ARMY ...............................................................................................
200,806 
200,806 
SUBTOTAL ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, ARMY ..............................................................................
200,806 
200,806 
TOTAL MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATIONS ............................................................................................
200,806 
200,806 
MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATIONS 
ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, NAVY 
060 
ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, NAVY ...............................................................................................
298,250 
298,250 
SUBTOTAL ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, NAVY ...............................................................................
298,250 
298,250 
TOTAL MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATIONS ............................................................................................
298,250 
298,250 
MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATIONS 
ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, AIR FORCE 
070 
ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, AIR FORCE ......................................................................................
301,768 
301,768 
SUBTOTAL ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, AIR FORCE .....................................................................
301,768 
301,768 
TOTAL MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATIONS ............................................................................................
301,768 
301,768 
MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATIONS 
ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, DEFENSE 
080 
ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, DEFENSE .........................................................................................
8,783 
8,783 
SUBTOTAL ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, DEFENSE ........................................................................
8,783 
8,783 
TOTAL MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATIONS ............................................................................................
8,783 
8,783 
MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATIONS 
ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION FORMERLY USED SITES 
090 
ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION FORMERLY USED SITES ................................................................
218,580 
218,580 
SUBTOTAL ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION FORMERLY USED SITES .................................................
218,580 
218,580 
TOTAL MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATIONS ............................................................................................
218,580 
218,580 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE ......................................................................................................
253,623,852 260,571,205 
TITLE XLIV—MILITARY PERSONNEL 
SEC. 4401. MILITARY PERSONNEL. 
SEC. 4401. MILITARY PERSONNEL 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Item 
FY 2022 
Request 
Senate 
Authorized 
MILITARY PERSONNEL 
MILITARY PERSONNEL APPROPRIATIONS 
MILITARY PERSONNEL APPROPRIATIONS ..........................................................................................................
157,947,920 
157,451,308 
A–10/F–35 Active duty maintainers ............................................................................................................................
93,000 
Army UFR – JTIMS exercise support ........................................................................................................................
67,435 
Army UFR – Reserve Component EDI for Rotational Forces ....................................................................................
55,999 
Army UFR – Reserve Component Homeland Security Ops ........................................................................................
228,410 
CNGB UFR – CBRN Response Forces .........................................................................................................................
9,200 
Military personnel historical underexecution ...........................................................................................................
[–950,656 ] 
SUBTOTAL MILITARY PERSONNEL APPROPRIATIONS .........................................................................................
157,947,920 
157,451,308 
MEDICARE-ELIGIBLE RETIREE HEALTH CARE FUND CONTRIBUTIONS 
MEDICARE-ELIGIBLE RETIREE HEALTH CARE FUND CONTRIBUTIONS ...........................................................
9,337,175 
9,337,175 
SUBTOTAL MEDICARE-ELIGIBLE RETIREE HEALTH CARE FUND CONTRIBUTIONS ..........................................
9,337,175 
9,337,175 
TOTAL MILITARY PERSONNEL ................................................................................................................................
167,285,095 
166,788,483 
TITLE XLV—OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS 
SEC. 4501. OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS. 
SEC. 4501. OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line 
Item 
FY 2022 
Request 
Senate 
Authorized 
WORKING CAPITAL FUND 
WORKING CAPITAL FUND, ARMY 
1 
INDUSTRIAL OPERATIONS .......................................................................................................................
26,935 
26,935 
2 
SUPPLY MANAGEMENT—ARMY ..............................................................................................................
357,776 
357,776 
SUBTOTAL WORKING CAPITAL FUND, ARMY ...........................................................................................
384,711 
384,711 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00150
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 161-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8693 
November 19, 2021 
SEC. 4501. OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line 
Item 
FY 2022 
Request 
Senate 
Authorized 
WORKING CAPITAL FUND, NAVY 
1 
SUPPLY MANAGEMENT, NAVY ................................................................................................................
150,000 
150,000 
SUBTOTAL WORKING CAPITAL FUND, NAVY ...........................................................................................
150,000 
150,000 
WORKING CAPITAL FUND, AIR FORCE 
2 
SUPPLIES AND MATERIALS .....................................................................................................................
77,453 
77,453 
SUBTOTAL WORKING CAPITAL FUND, AIR FORCE ..................................................................................
77,453 
77,453 
WORKING CAPITAL FUND, DEFENSE-WIDE 
1 
ENERGY MANAGEMENT—DEF .................................................................................................................
40,000 
40,000 
2 
SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT—DEF ......................................................................................................
87,765 
87,765 
SUBTOTAL WORKING CAPITAL FUND, DEFENSE-WIDE ...........................................................................
127,765 
127,765 
WORKING CAPITAL FUND, DECA 
2 
WORKING CAPITAL FUND, DECA .............................................................................................................
1,162,071 
1,162,071 
SUBTOTAL WORKING CAPITAL FUND, DECA ...........................................................................................
1,162,071 
1,162,071 
TOTAL WORKING CAPITAL FUND .............................................................................................................
1,902,000 
1,902,000 
CHEM AGENTS & MUNITIONS DESTRUCTION 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE 
1 
CHEM DEMILITARIZATION—O&M ............................................................................................................
93,121 
93,121 
SUBTOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE ...............................................................................................
93,121 
93,121 
RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
2 
CHEM DEMILITARIZATION—RDT&E ........................................................................................................
1,001,231 
1,001,231 
SUBTOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION ........................................................
1,001,231 
1,001,231 
TOTAL CHEM AGENTS & MUNITIONS DESTRUCTION .............................................................................
1,094,352 
1,094,352 
DRUG INTERDICTION & CTR-DRUG ACTIVITIES, DEF 
DRUG INTRDCTN 
1 
COUNTER-NARCOTICS SUPPORT .............................................................................................................
593,250 
593,250 
SUBTOTAL DRUG INTRDCTN .....................................................................................................................
593,250 
593,250 
DRUG DEMAND REDUCTION PROGRAM 
2 
DRUG DEMAND REDUCTION PROGRAM ..................................................................................................
126,024 
126,024 
SUBTOTAL DRUG DEMAND REDUCTION PROGRAM ................................................................................
126,024 
126,024 
NATIONAL GUARD COUNTER-DRUG PROGRAM 
3 
NATIONAL GUARD COUNTER-DRUG PROGRAM .....................................................................................
96,970 
96,970 
SUBTOTAL NATIONAL GUARD COUNTER-DRUG PROGRAM ....................................................................
96,970 
96,970 
NATIONAL GUARD COUNTER-DRUG SCHOOLS 
4 
NATIONAL GUARD COUNTER-DRUG SCHOOLS .......................................................................................
5,664 
5,664 
SUBTOTAL NATIONAL GUARD COUNTER-DRUG SCHOOLS .....................................................................
5,664 
5,664 
TOTAL DRUG INTERDICTION & CTR-DRUG ACTIVITIES, DEF ................................................................
821,908 
821,908 
OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL 
OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL 
1 
OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE .............................................................................................................
434,700 
434,700 
2 
OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE .............................................................................................................
1,218 
1,218 
3 
RDT&E .........................................................................................................................................................
2,365 
2,365 
4 
PROCUREMENT ..........................................................................................................................................
80 
80 
SUBTOTAL OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL .................................................................................
438,363 
438,363 
TOTAL OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL ........................................................................................
438,363 
438,363 
DEFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE 
1 
IN-HOUSE CARE .........................................................................................................................................
9,720,004 
9,750,004 
Anomalous health incidents ........................................................................................................................
[30,000] 
2 
PRIVATE SECTOR CARE ...........................................................................................................................
18,092,679 
18,092,679 
3 
CONSOLIDATED HEALTH SUPPORT ........................................................................................................
1,541,122 
1,541,122 
4 
INFORMATION MANAGEMENT .................................................................................................................
2,233,677 
2,233,677 
5 
MANAGEMENT ACTIVITIES ......................................................................................................................
335,138 
335,138 
6 
EDUCATION AND TRAINING .....................................................................................................................
333,234 
333,234 
7 
BASE OPERATIONS/COMMUNICATIONS ..................................................................................................
1,926,865 
1,926,865 
SUBTOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE ...............................................................................................
34,182,719 
34,212,719 
RDT&E 
10 
R&D ADVANCED DEVELOPMENT .............................................................................................................
235,556 
235,556 
11 
R&D DEMONSTRATION/VALIDATION ......................................................................................................
142,252 
142,252 
12 
R&D ENGINEERING DEVELOPMENT ........................................................................................................
101,054 
101,054 
12 
R&D MANAGEMENT AND SUPPORT .........................................................................................................
49,645 
49,645 
14 
R&D CAPABILITIES ENHANCEMENT .......................................................................................................
17,619 
17,619 
8 
R&D RESEARCH .........................................................................................................................................
9,091 
9,091 
9 
R&D EXPLORATRY DEVELOPMENT ........................................................................................................
75,463 
75,463 
SUBTOTAL RDT&E ......................................................................................................................................
630,680 
630,680 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00151
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 162-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8694 
November 19, 2021 
SEC. 4501. OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line 
Item 
FY 2022 
Request 
Senate 
Authorized 
PROCUREMENT 
15 
PROC INITIAL OUTFITTING ......................................................................................................................
20,926 
20,926 
16 
PROC REPLACEMENT & MODERNIZATION .............................................................................................
250,366 
250,366 
18 
PROC MILITARY HEALTH SYSTEM—DESKTOP TO DATACENTER .......................................................
72,302 
72,302 
19 
PROC DOD HEALTHCARE MANAGEMENT SYSTEM MODERNIZATION .................................................
435,414 
435,414 
SUBTOTAL PROCUREMENT .......................................................................................................................
779,008 
779,008 
TOTAL DEFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM .......................................................................................................
35,592,407 
35,622,407 
TOTAL OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS .............................................................................................................
39,849,030 
39,879,030 
TITLE XLVI—MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION. 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Account 
State/Country and Installation 
Project Title 
FY 2022 
Request 
Senate 
Authorized 
MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
ARMY 
Alabama 
Army 
Fort Rucker 
AIT Barracks Complex ......................................................
0 
66,000 
Army 
Redstone Arsenal 
Propulsion Systems Lab ....................................................
55,000 
55,000 
Belgium 
Army 
Shape Headquarters 
Command and Control Facility .........................................
16,000 
16,000 
California 
Army 
Fort Irwin 
Simulations Center ............................................................
52,000 
52,000 
Georgia 
Army 
Fort Gordon 
Cyber Instructional Fac (Admin/Cmd) (Inc 2) ....................
69,000 
69,000 
Army 
Fort Stewart 
Barracks ............................................................................
0 
100,000 
Germany 
Army 
East Camp Grafenwoehr 
EDI: Barracks and Dining Facility ....................................
103,000 
103,000 
Army 
Smith Barracks 
Live Fire Exercise Shoothouse ..........................................
16,000 
16,000 
Army 
Smith Barracks 
Indoor Small Arms Range .................................................
17,500 
17,500 
Hawaii 
Army 
Fort Shafter 
Cost to Complete, Command & Control Facility ...............
0 
55,500 
Army 
West Loch Naval Magazine Annex 
Ammunition Storage .........................................................
51,000 
51,000 
Army 
Wheeler Army Airfield 
Aviation Unit OPS Building ..............................................
0 
84,000 
Army 
Wheeler Army Airfield 
Rotary Wing Parking Apron ..............................................
0 
56,000 
Kansas 
Army 
Fort Leavenworth 
Child Development Center .................................................
0 
34,000 
Kentucky 
Army 
Fort Knox 
Child Development Center .................................................
0 
27,000 
Kwajalein 
Army 
Kwajalein Atoll 
Cost to Complete, Family Housing Replacement Con-
struction.
0 
10,000 
Louisiana 
Army 
Camp Minden 
Collective Training Unaccompanied Housing ....................
0 
13,800 
Army 
Fort Polk 
Barracks ............................................................................
0 
56,000 
Army 
Fort Polk 
Joint Operations Center ....................................................
55,000 
55,000 
Maryland 
Army 
Fort Meade 
Barracks ............................................................................
81,000 
81,000 
New York 
Army 
Fort Hamilton 
Information Systems Facility ...........................................
26,000 
26,000 
Army 
Watervliet Arsenal 
Access Control Point .........................................................
20,000 
20,000 
Army 
West Point Military Reservation 
Cost to Complete, Engineering Center ..............................
0 
17,200 
Pennsylvania 
Army 
Letterkenny Army Depot 
Fire Station .......................................................................
21,000 
21,000 
Army 
Tobyhanna Army Depot 
Cost to Complete, Family Housing Replacement Con-
struction.
0 
7,500 
Puerto Rico 
Army 
Fort Buchanan 
Cost to Complete, Family Housing Replacement Con-
struction.
0 
14,000 
South Carolina 
Army 
Fort Jackson 
Cost to Complete, Reception Barracks Complex, Ph 1 ......
0 
21,000 
Army 
Fort Jackson 
Reception Barracks Complex, Ph2 (Inc 2) ..........................
34,000 
34,000 
Texas 
Army 
Fort Hood 
Barracks ............................................................................
0 
61,000 
Army 
Fort Hood 
Barracks ............................................................................
0 
69,000 
Virginia 
Army 
Jont Base Langley-Eustis 
Cost to Complete, AIT Barracks Complex, Ph 4 ................
0 
16,000 
Worldwide Classified 
Army 
Classified Location 
Forward Operating Site .....................................................
31,000 
31,000 
Worldwide Unspecified 
Army 
Unspecified Worldwide Locations 
Minor Construction ...........................................................
35,543 
35,543 
Army 
Unspecified Worldwide Locations 
Planning & Design .............................................................
124,649 
124,649 
Army 
Unspecified Worldwide Locations 
Host Nation Support ..........................................................
27,000 
27,000 
Army 
Worldwide Various Locations 
Lab Planning & Design Unfunded Requirement ................
0 
45,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00152
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 163-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8695 
November 19, 2021 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Account 
State/Country and Installation 
Project Title 
FY 2022 
Request 
Senate 
Authorized 
SUBTOTAL ARMY ................................................................................................................................................
834,692 
1,587,692 
NAVY 
Arizona 
Navy 
Marine Corps Air Station Yuma 
Bachelor Enlisted Quarters ...............................................
0 
99,600 
Navy 
Marine Corps Air Station Yuma 
Combat Training Tank Complex ........................................
0 
29,300 
California 
Navy 
Camp Pendleton 
I MEF Consolidated Information Center (Inc) ...................
19,869 
19,869 
Navy 
Marine Corps Air Ground Combat 
Center 
Wastewater Treatment Plant ............................................
0 
45,000 
Navy 
Marine Corps Air Station Miramar 
Aircraft Maintenance Hangar ............................................
0 
209,500 
Navy 
Marine Corps Air Station Miramar 
F–35 Centralized Engine Repair Facility ...........................
0 
31,400 
Navy 
Marine Corps Base Camp Pendleton 
Basilone Road Realignment ...............................................
0 
85,200 
Navy 
Marine Corps Base Camp Pendleton 
CLB MEU Complex ............................................................
0 
83,900 
Navy 
Marine Corps Base Camp Pendleton 
Warehouse Replacement ....................................................
0 
22,200 
Navy 
Marine Corps Reserve Depot San 
Diego 
Recruit Mess Hall Replacement .........................................
0 
8,000 
Navy 
Naval Air Station Lemoore 
F–35C Hangar 6 Phase 2 (Mod 3/4) (Inc) ..............................
75,070 
75,070 
Navy 
Naval Base Coronado 
CMV–22B Aircraft Maintenance Hangar ............................
0 
63,600 
Navy 
Naval Base San Diego 
Pier 6 Replacement (Inc) ...................................................
50,000 
50,000 
Navy 
Naval Base Ventura County 
Combat Vehicle Maintenance Facility ..............................
0 
48,700 
Navy 
Naval Base Ventura County 
MQ–25 Aircraft Maintenance Hangar .................................
0 
148,800 
Navy 
Naval Weapons Station Seal Beach 
Missile Magazines (Inc) ......................................................
10,840 
10,840 
Navy 
San Nicolas Island 
Directed Energy Weapons Test Facilities ..........................
19,907 
19,907 
El Salvador 
Navy 
Cooperative 
Security 
Location 
Comalapa 
Hangar and Ramp Expansion .............................................
0 
28,000 
Florida 
Navy 
Marine 
Corps 
Support 
Facility 
Blount Island 
Lighterage and Small Craft Facility .................................
0 
69,400 
Greece 
Navy 
Naval Support Activity Souda Bay 
EDI: Joint Mobility Processing Center .............................
41,650 
41,650 
Guam 
Navy 
Andersen Air Force Base 
Aviation Admin Building ...................................................
50,890 
50,890 
Navy 
Joint Region Marianas 
4th Marines Regiment Facilities .......................................
109,507 
84,507 
Navy 
Joint Region Marianas 
Combat Logistics Battallion–4 Facility ............................
92,710 
64,710 
Navy 
Joint Region Marianas 
Consolidated Armory .........................................................
43,470 
43,470 
Navy 
Joint Region Marianas 
Infantry Battalion Company HQ .......................................
44,100 
44,100 
Navy 
Joint Region Marianas 
Marine Expeditionary Brigade Enablers ............................
66,830 
66,830 
Navy 
Joint Region Marianas 
Principal End Item (PEI) Warehouse .................................
47,110 
47,110 
Navy 
Joint Region Marianas 
Bachelor Enlisted Quarters H (Inc) ....................................
43,200 
43,200 
Navy 
Joint Region Marianas 
X-Ray Wharf Berth 2 ..........................................................
103,800 
63,800 
Navy 
Joint Region Marianas 
Joint Communication Upgrade (Inc) .................................
84,000 
84,000 
Hawaii 
Navy 
Marine Corps Base Kaneohe Bay 
Bachelor Enlisted Quarters Phase II (Inc) .........................
0 
10,000 
Navy 
Marine Corps Base Kaneohe Bay 
Electrical Distribution Modernization ..............................
0 
64,500 
Japan 
Navy 
Fleet Activities Yokosuka 
Pier 5 (Berths 2 and 3) (Inc) ...............................................
15,292 
15,292 
Navy 
Fleet Activities Yokosuka 
Ship Handling & Combat Training Facilities ....................
49,900 
49,900 
Maine 
Navy 
Portsmouth Naval Shipyard 
Multi-Mission Dry Dock #1 Extension (Inc)—Navy #1 Ufr 
0 
100,000 
Navy 
Portsmouth Naval Shipyard 
Multi-Mission Dry Dock #1 Extension (Inc) ......................
250,000 
250,000 
Nevada 
Navy 
Naval Air Station Fallon 
Training Range Land Acquisition—Phase 2 .......................
48,250 
0 
North Carolina 
Navy 
Camp Lejeune 
II MEF Operations Center Replacement (Inc) ...................
42,200 
42,200 
Navy 
Marine Corps Air Station Cherry 
Point 
ATC Tower & Airfield Operations ......................................
0 
18,700 
Navy 
Marine Corps Air Station Cherry 
Point 
Aircraft Maintenance Hangar ............................................
207,897 
57,897 
Navy 
Marine Corps Air Station Cherry 
Point 
F–35 Flightline Utilities Modernization Phase 2 ...............
113,520 
33,520 
Navy 
Marine Corps Base Camp Lejeune 
Water Treatment Plant Replacement Hadnot Pt ..............
0 
64,200 
South Carolina 
Navy 
Marine Corps Air Station Beaufort 
Aircraft Maintenance Hangar ............................................
0 
122,600 
Navy 
Marine Corps Air Station Beaufort 
Recycling/Hazardous Waste Facility .................................
0 
5,000 
Spain 
Navy 
Naval Station Rota 
EDI: Explosive Ordnance Disposal (EOD) Mobile Unit Fa-
cilities.
0 
85,600 
Virginia 
Navy 
Marine Corps Base Quantico 
Vehicle Inspection and Visitor Control Center ..................
42,850 
42,850 
Navy 
Marine Corps Base Quantico 
Wargaming Center (Inc) .....................................................
30,500 
30,500 
Navy 
Naval Station Norfolk 
CMV–22 Aircraft Maintenance Hangar & Airfield Im-
provement.
0 
75,100 
Navy 
Naval Station Norfolk 
Submarine Pier 3 (Inc) .......................................................
88,923 
43,923 
Navy 
Naval Weapons Station Yorktown 
Navy Munitions Command (Nmc) Ordnance Facilities 
Recap, Phase 2.
0 
13,500 
Navy 
Portsmouth Naval Shipyard 
Dry Dock Saltwater System for CVN–78 ............................
156,380 
56,380 
Worldwide Unspecified 
Navy 
Unspecified Worldwide Locations 
Unspecified Minor Military Construction ..........................
56,435 
56,435 
Navy 
Unspecified Worldwide Locations 
MCON Design Funds ..........................................................
363,252 
363,252 
Navy 
Worldwide Various Locations 
Consolidated RDT&E Systems Facility P&D (Naval Sta-
tion Newport).
0 
1,700 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00153
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 164-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8696 
November 19, 2021 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Account 
State/Country and Installation 
Project Title 
FY 2022 
Request 
Senate 
Authorized 
Navy 
Worldwide Various Locations 
F–35 Joint Strike Fighter Sustainment Center (P–993) 
P&D (MCAS Cherry Point).
0 
10,000 
Navy 
Worldwide Various Locations 
Hdr Hawaii: Planning and Design ......................................
0 
9,000 
Navy 
Worldwide Various Locations 
Lab Planning & Design Unfunded Requirement ................
0 
110,000 
Navy 
Worldwide Various Locations 
Next Generation Secure Submarine Platform Facility 
P&D (Naval Station Newport).
0 
4,000 
Navy 
Worldwide Various Locations 
Next Generation Torpedo Integration Lab P&D (Naval 
Station Newport).
0 
1,200 
Navy 
Worldwide Various Locations 
PDI: Planning & Design Unfunded Requirement ...............
0 
68,200 
Navy 
Worldwide Various Locations 
Planning & Design .............................................................
0 
40,000 
Navy 
Worldwide Various Locations 
Submarine Payloads Integration Laboratory P&D (Naval 
Station Newport).
0 
1,400 
Navy 
Worldwide Various Locations 
Unspecified Minor Construction ........................................
0 
75,000 
SUBTOTAL NAVY .................................................................................................................................................
2,368,352 
3,704,402 
AIR FORCE 
Alaska 
Air Force 
Eielson Air Force Base 
Contaminated Soil Removal ..............................................
0 
44,850 
Air Force 
Joint Base Elmendorf-Richardson 
Extend Runway 16/34 (Inc 1) ...............................................
79,000 
79,000 
Arizona 
Air Force 
Davis-Monthan Air Force Base 
South Wilmot Gate ............................................................
13,400 
13,400 
Air Force 
Luke Air Force Base 
F–35A ADAL AMU Facility Squadron #6 ...........................
28,000 
28,000 
Air Force 
Luke Air Force Base 
F–35A Squadron Operations Facility #6 .............................
21,000 
21,000 
Australia 
Air Force 
Royal Australian Air Force Base 
Darwin 
Squadron Operations Facility ...........................................
7,400 
7,400 
Air Force 
Royal Australian Air Force Base 
Tindal 
Aircraft Maintenance Support Facility .............................
6,200 
6,200 
Air Force 
Royal Australian Air Force Base 
Tindal 
Squadron Operations Facility ...........................................
8,200 
8,200 
California 
Air Force 
Edwards Air Force Base 
Flight Test Engineering Lab Complex ...............................
4,000 
4,000 
Air Force 
Vandenberg Space Force Base 
GBSD Stage Processing Facility .......................................
19,000 
19,000 
Air Force 
Vandenberg Space Force Base 
GBSD Re-Entry Vehicle Facility .......................................
48,000 
48,000 
Colorado 
Air Force 
Schriever Space Force Base 
ADAL Fitness Center .........................................................
0 
30,000 
District of Columbia 
Air Force 
Joint Base Anacostia Bolling 
Joint Air Defense Operations Center Phase II ...................
24,000 
24,000 
Florida 
Air Force 
Eglin Air Force Base 
Cost to Complete—Advanced Munitions Technology Com-
plex.
0 
31,500 
Air Force 
Eglin Air Force Base 
Flightline Fire Station at Duke Field ...............................
0 
14,000 
Georgia 
Air Force 
Moody Air Force Base 
41 Rqs Hh-60w Apron ..........................................................
0 
12,500 
Germany 
Air Force 
Spangdahlem Air Base 
F/a–22 LO/Composite Repair Facility ................................
22,625 
22,625 
Guam 
Air Force 
Joint Region Marianas 
Munitions Storage Igloos IV ..............................................
55,000 
55,000 
Air Force 
Joint Region Marianas 
Airfield Damage Repair Warehouse ...................................
30,000 
30,000 
Air Force 
Joint Region Marianas 
Hayman Munitions Storage Igloos, MSA2 .........................
9,824 
9,824 
Hungary 
Air Force 
Kecskemet Air Base 
EDI: Construct Parallel Taxiway ......................................
38,650 
38,650 
Air Force 
Kecskemet Air Base 
EDI: Construct Airfield Upgrades ......................................
20,564 
20,564 
Italy 
Air Force 
Aviano Air Force Base 
Area A1 Entry Control Point .............................................
0 
10,200 
Japan 
Air Force 
Kadena Air Base 
Airfield Damage Repair Storage Facility ..........................
38,000 
38,000 
Air Force 
Kadena Air Base 
Helicopter Rescue OPS Maintenance Hangar ....................
168,000 
50,000 
Air Force 
Kadena Air Base 
Replace Munitions Structures ...........................................
26,100 
26,100 
Air Force 
Misawa Air Base 
Airfield Damage Repair Facility .......................................
25,000 
25,000 
Air Force 
Yokota Air Base 
Airfield Damage Repair Warehouse ...................................
0 
39,000 
Air Force 
Yokota Air Base 
Construct CATM Facility ..................................................
25,000 
25,000 
Air Force 
Yokota Air Base 
C–130J Corrosion Control Hangar ......................................
67,000 
67,000 
Louisiana 
Air Force 
Barksdale Air Force Base 
Cost to Complete—Entrance Road and Gate .....................
0 
36,000 
Air Force 
Barksdale Air Force Base 
Weapons Generation Facility (Inc 1) .................................
40,000 
40,000 
Maryland 
Air Force 
Joint Base Andrews 
Cost to Complete—Military Working Dog Kennel .............
0 
7,800 
Air Force 
Joint Base Andrews 
Fire Crash Rescue Station .................................................
26,000 
26,000 
Massachusetts 
Air Force 
Hanscom Air Force Base 
NC3 Acquisitions Management Facility ............................
66,000 
66,000 
New Mexico 
Air Force 
Kirtland Air Force Base 
Cost to Complete—Wyoming Gate Antiterrorism Compli-
ance.
0 
5,600 
Ohio 
Air Force 
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base 
Child Development Center .................................................
0 
24,000 
Oklahoma 
Air Force 
Tinker Air Force Base 
KC–46A 3–Bay Depot Maintenance Hangar ........................
160,000 
60,000 
South Carolina 
Air Force 
Joint Base Charleston 
Fire and Rescue Station ....................................................
0 
30,000 
Air Force 
Joint Base Charleston 
Flightline Support Facility ...............................................
0 
29,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00154
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 165-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8697 
November 19, 2021 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Account 
State/Country and Installation 
Project Title 
FY 2022 
Request 
Senate 
Authorized 
South Dakota 
Air Force 
Ellsworth Air Force Base 
B–21 2–Bay LO Restoration Facility (Inc 2) .......................
91,000 
41,000 
Air Force 
Ellsworth Air Force Base 
B–21 Field Training Detachment Facility .........................
47,000 
47,000 
Air Force 
Ellsworth Air Force Base 
B–21 Mission Operations Planning Facility .......................
36,000 
36,000 
Air Force 
Ellsworth Air Force Base 
B–21 Washrack & Maintenance Hangar ..............................
65,000 
65,000 
Air Force 
Ellsworth Air Force Base 
B–21 ADAL Flight Simulator .............................................
24,000 
24,000 
Air Force 
Ellsworth Air Force Base 
B–21 Formal Training Unit/AMU .......................................
70,000 
70,000 
Spain 
Air Force 
Moro´n Air Base 
EDI: Hot Cargo Pad ...........................................................
8,542 
8,542 
Tennessee 
Air Force 
Arnold Air Force Base 
Add/Alter Test Cell Delivery Bay ......................................
0 
14,600 
Texas 
Air Force 
Joint Base San Antonio 
BMT Recruit Dormitory 8 (Inc 3) .......................................
31,000 
31,000 
Air Force 
Joint Base San Antonio 
BMT Recruit Dormitory 7 ..................................................
141,000 
141,000 
Air Force 
Joint Base San Antonio—Fort Sam 
Houston 
Child Development Center – Fsh ........................................
0 
29,000 
Air Force 
Joint Base San Antonio—Lackland 
Child Development Center – Lackland ..............................
0 
29,000 
Air Force 
Sheppard Air Force Base 
Child Development Center .................................................
20,000 
20,000 
United Kingdom 
Air Force 
Royal Air Force Fairford 
EDI: Construct DABS-FEV Storage ..................................
94,000 
24,000 
Air Force 
Royal Air Force Lakenheath 
Cost to Complete—F–35 ADAL Conventional Munitions 
MX.
0 
4,400 
Air Force 
Royal Air Force Lakenheath 
F-35a Child Development Center ........................................
0 
24,000 
Air Force 
Royal Air Force Lakenheath 
F–35A Weapons Load Training Facility .............................
49,000 
49,000 
Air Force 
Royal Air Force Lakenheath 
F–35A Munition Inspection Facility ..................................
31,000 
31,000 
Utah 
Air Force 
Hill Air Force Base 
GBSD Organic Software Sustainment Center (Inc 2) .........
31,000 
31,000 
Virginia 
Air Force 
Joint Base Langley Eustis 
Fuel System Maintenance Dock ........................................
0 
24,000 
Worldwide Unspecified 
Air Force 
Various Worldwide Locations 
EDI: Planning & Design .....................................................
648 
648 
Air Force 
Various Worldwide Locations 
PDI: Planning & Design .....................................................
27,200 
27,200 
Air Force 
Various Worldwide Locations 
Planning & Design .............................................................
201,453 
201,453 
Air Force 
Various Worldwide Locations 
Unspecified Minor Military Construction ..........................
58,884 
58,884 
Air Force 
Worldwide Various Locations 
Lab Planning & Design Unfunded Requirement ................
0 
120,000 
Air Force 
Worldwide Various Locations 
Secure Integration Support Lab W/Land Acquisition P&D 
(Air Force Maui Optical and Supercomputing Site).
0 
8,800 
SUBTOTAL AIR FORCE .......................................................................................................................................
2,102,690 
2,332,940 
DEFENSE-WIDE 
Alabama 
Defense-Wide 
Fort Rucker 
10 MW RICE Generator Plant and Microgrid Controls ......
0 
24,000 
Defense-Wide 
Redstone Arsenal 
Msic Advanced Analysis Facility Phase 1 (Inc) .................
0 
25,000 
Belgium 
Defense-Wide 
Chievres Air Base 
Europe West District Superintendent’s Office ...................
15,000 
15,000 
California 
Defense-Wide 
Camp Pendleton 
Veterinary Treatment Facility Replacement ....................
13,600 
13,600 
Defense-Wide 
Marine Corps Air Station Miramar 
Additional LFG Power Meter Station ...............................
0 
4,054 
Defense-Wide 
Naval Air Weapons Station China 
Lake / Ridgecrest 
Solar Energy Storage System ...........................................
0 
9,120 
Defense-Wide 
Silver Strand Training Complex 
SOF NSWG11 Operations Support Facility ........................
12,000 
12,000 
Defense-Wide 
Silver Strand Training Complex 
SOF ATC Operations Support Facility ..............................
21,700 
21,700 
Colorado 
Defense-Wide 
Buckley Air Force Base 
JCC Expansion ...................................................................
20,000 
20,000 
District of Columbia 
Defense-Wide 
Joint Base Anacostia Bolling 
DIA HQ Cooling Towers and Cond Pumps ..........................
0 
2,257 
Defense-Wide 
Joint Base Anacostia Bolling 
PV Carports .......................................................................
0 
29,004 
Florida 
Defense-Wide 
MacDill Air Force Base 
Transmission and Switching Stations ...............................
0 
22,000 
Georgia 
Defense-Wide 
Fort Benning 
4.8mw Generation and Microgrid .......................................
0 
17,593 
Defense-Wide 
Fort Benning 
SOF Battalion Headquarters Facility ...............................
62,000 
62,000 
Defense-Wide 
Fort Stewart 
10 MW Generation Plant, With Microgrid Controls ...........
0 
22,000 
Defense-Wide 
Naval Submarine Base Kings Bay 
Electrical Transmission and Distribution .........................
0 
19,314 
Germany 
Defense-Wide 
Ramstein Air Base 
Ramstein Middle School ....................................................
93,000 
13,000 
Guam 
Defense-Wide 
Polaris Point Submarine Base 
Inner Apra Harbor Resiliency Upgrades (Phase I) .............
0 
38,300 
Hawaii 
Defense-Wide 
Joint Base Pearl Harbor-Hickam 
Veterinary Treatment Facility Replacement ....................
29,800 
29,800 
Idaho 
Defense-Wide 
Mountain Home Air Force Base 
Water Treatment Plant and Pump Station .......................
0 
33,800 
Japan 
Defense-Wide 
Kadena Air Base 
Truck Unload Facilities ....................................................
22,300 
22,300 
Defense-Wide 
Kadena Air Base 
Operations Support Facility ..............................................
24,000 
24,000 
Defense-Wide 
Marine Corps Air Base Iwakuni 
Fuel Pier ............................................................................
57,700 
57,700 
Defense-Wide 
Misawa Air Base 
Additive Injection Pump and Storage System ..................
6,000 
6,000 
Defense-Wide 
Naval Air Facility Atsugi 
Smart Grid for Utility and Facility Controls ....................
0 
3,810 
Defense-Wide 
Yokota Air Base 
Hangar/AMU ......................................................................
108,253 
30,253 
Kuwait 
Defense-Wide 
Camp Arifjan 
Microgrid Controller, 1.25 MW Solar PV, and 1.5 MWH 
Battery.
0 
15,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00155
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 166-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8698 
November 19, 2021 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Account 
State/Country and Installation 
Project Title 
FY 2022 
Request 
Senate 
Authorized 
Maryland 
Defense-Wide 
Bethesda Naval Hospital 
MEDCEN Addition / Alteration (Inc 5) ..............................
153,233 
153,233 
Defense-Wide 
Fort Meade 
SOF Operations Facility ....................................................
100,000 
75,000 
Defense-Wide 
Fort Meade 
NSAW Recap Building 4 (Inc 1) ..........................................
104,100 
104,100 
Defense-Wide 
Fort Meade 
NSAW Mission OPS and Records Center (Inc 1) .................
94,000 
94,000 
Michigan 
Defense-Wide 
Camp Grayling 
650 KW Gas-Fired Micro-Turbine Generation System .......
0 
5,700 
Mississippi 
Defense-Wide 
Camp Shelby 
10 MW Generation Plant and Feeder Level Microgrid Sys-
tem.
0 
34,500 
Defense-Wide 
Camp Shelby 
Electrical Distribution Infrastructure Undergrounding 
Hardening Project.
0 
11,155 
Missouri 
Defense-Wide 
Fort Leonard Wood 
Hospital Replacement (Inc 4) .............................................
160,000 
160,000 
New Mexico 
Defense-Wide 
Kirtland Air Force Base 
Environmental Health Facility Replacement ...................
8,600 
8,600 
New York 
Defense-Wide 
Fort Drum 
Well Field Expansion Project ............................................
0 
25,300 
North Carolina 
Defense-Wide 
Fort Bragg 
10 MW Microgrid Utilizing Existing and New Generators ..
0 
19,464 
Defense-Wide 
Fort Bragg 
Emergency Water System .................................................
0 
7,705 
North Dakota 
Defense-Wide 
Cavalier Air Force Station 
Pcars Emergency Power Plant Fuel Storage .....................
0 
24,150 
Ohio 
Defense-Wide 
Springfield-Beckley Municipal Air-
port 
Base-Wide Microgrid With Natural Gas Generator, Photo-
voltaic and Battery Storage.
0 
4,700 
Puerto Rico 
Defense-Wide 
Aguadilla 
Microgrid Control System, 460 KW PV, 275 KW Generator, 
660 Kwh Bess.
0 
10,120 
Defense-Wide 
Fort Allen 
Microgrid Control System, 690 KW PV, 275 KW Gen, 570 
Kwh Bess.
0 
12,190 
Defense-Wide 
Punta Borinquen 
Ramey Unit School Replacement ......................................
84,000 
84,000 
Tennessee 
Defense-Wide 
Memphis International Airport 
PV Arrays and Battery Storage .........................................
0 
4,780 
Texas 
Defense-Wide 
Joint Base San Antonio 
Ambulatory Care Center Phase 4 .......................................
35,000 
35,000 
United Kingdom 
Defense-Wide 
Menwith Hill Station 
Rafmh Main Gate Rehabilitation ......................................
20,000 
20,000 
Defense-Wide 
Royal Air Force Lakenheath 
Hospital Replacement-Temporary Facilities ....................
19,283 
19,283 
Virginia 
Defense-Wide 
Fort Belvoir 
Veterinary Treatment Facility Replacement ....................
29,800 
29,800 
Defense-Wide 
Fort Belvoir, NGA Campus East 
Led Upgrade Package ........................................................
0 
365 
Defense-Wide 
Humphries 
Engineer 
Center 
and 
Support Activity 
SOF Battalion Operations Facility ...................................
0 
36,000 
Defense-Wide 
National 
Geospatial-Intelligence 
Agency Campus East 
Electrical System Redundancy ..........................................
0 
5,299 
Defense-Wide 
Pentagon 
Consolidated Maintenance Complex (RRMC) ....................
20,000 
20,000 
Defense-Wide 
Pentagon 
Force Protection Perimeter Enhancements ......................
8,608 
8,608 
Defense-Wide 
Pentagon 
Public Works Support Facility ..........................................
21,935 
21,935 
Defense-Wide 
Pentagon, Mark Center, and Raven 
Rock Mountain Complex 
Recommissioning of Hvac Systems, Part B .......................
0 
2,600 
Washington 
Defense-Wide 
Oak Harbor 
ACC / Dental Clinic ............................................................
59,000 
59,000 
Worldwide Unspecified 
Defense-Wide 
Unspecified Worldwide Locations 
Unspecified Minor Military Construction ..........................
8,000 
8,000 
Defense-Wide 
Unspecified Worldwide Locations 
Planning & Design .............................................................
13,317 
13,317 
Defense-Wide 
Unspecified Worldwide Locations 
Planning & Design .............................................................
11,000 
11,000 
Defense-Wide 
Unspecified Worldwide Locations 
Unspecified Minor Military Construction ..........................
4,435 
4,435 
Defense-Wide 
Unspecified Worldwide Locations 
Unspecified Minor Military Construction ..........................
21,746 
21,746 
Defense-Wide 
Unspecified Worldwide Locations 
Energy Resilience and Conserv. Invest. Prog. ...................
246,600 
0 
Defense-Wide 
Unspecified Worldwide Locations 
Unspecified Minor Military Construction ..........................
3,000 
3,000 
Defense-Wide 
Unspecified Worldwide Locations 
Planning & Design .............................................................
14,194 
14,194 
Defense-Wide 
Unspecified Worldwide Locations 
ERCIP Design ....................................................................
40,150 
40,150 
Defense-Wide 
Unspecified Worldwide Locations 
Unspecified Minor Military Construction ..........................
12,000 
12,000 
Defense-Wide 
Unspecified Worldwide Locations 
Planning & Design .............................................................
83,840 
83,840 
Defense-Wide 
Unspecified Worldwide Locations 
Exercise Related Minor Construction ................................
5,615 
5,615 
Defense-Wide 
Unspecified Worldwide Locations 
Planning & Design .............................................................
2,000 
2,000 
Defense-Wide 
Unspecified Worldwide Locations 
Planning & Design .............................................................
5,275 
5,275 
Defense-Wide 
Various Worldwide Locations 
Planning & Design .............................................................
20,576 
20,576 
Defense-Wide 
Various Worldwide Locations 
Planning & Design .............................................................
20,862 
20,862 
Defense-Wide 
Various Worldwide Locations 
Unspecified Minor Military Construction ..........................
6,668 
6,668 
Defense-Wide 
Various Worldwide Locations 
Planning & Design .............................................................
35,099 
35,099 
SUBTOTAL DEFENSE-WIDE ................................................................................................................................
1,957,289 
1,996,969 
ARMY NATIONAL GUARD 
Alabama 
Army Na-
tional Guard 
Huntsville 
National Guard Readiness Center ......................................
0 
17,000 
Connecticut 
Army Na-
tional Guard 
Putnam 
National Guard Readiness Center ......................................
17,500 
17,500 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00156
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 167-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8699 
November 19, 2021 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Account 
State/Country and Installation 
Project Title 
FY 2022 
Request 
Senate 
Authorized 
Georgia 
Army Na-
tional Guard 
Fort Benning 
Post-Initial Mil. Training Unaccomp. Housing .................
13,200 
13,200 
Guam 
Army Na-
tional Guard 
Barrigada 
National Guard Readiness Center Addition .......................
34,000 
34,000 
Idaho 
Army Na-
tional Guard 
Jerome 
National Guard Readiness Center ......................................
15,000 
15,000 
Illinois 
Army Na-
tional Guard 
Bloomington Armory 
National Guard Vehicle Maintenance Shop .......................
15,000 
15,000 
Kansas 
Army Na-
tional Guard 
Topeka 
National Guard/Reserve Center Building ...........................
16,732 
16,732 
Louisiana 
Army Na-
tional Guard 
Lake Charles 
National Guard Readiness Center ......................................
18,500 
18,500 
Maine 
Army Na-
tional Guard 
Saco 
National Guard Vehicle Maintenance Shop .......................
21,200 
21,200 
Mississippi 
Army Na-
tional Guard 
Camp Shelby 
Maneuver Area Training Equipment Site ..........................
0 
15,500 
Montana 
Army Na-
tional Guard 
Butte 
National Guard Readiness Center ......................................
16,000 
16,000 
Nebraska 
Army Na-
tional Guard 
Mead Training Site 
Collective Training Unaccompanied Housing ....................
0 
11,000 
North Dakota 
Army Na-
tional Guard 
Dickinson 
National Guard Readiness Center ......................................
15,500 
15,500 
South Dakota 
Army Na-
tional Guard 
Sioux Falls 
National Guard Readiness Center ......................................
0 
15,000 
Texas 
Army Na-
tional Guard 
Camp Bullis 
Cost to Complete, Vehicle Maintenance Shop ...................
0 
16,400 
Vermont 
Army Na-
tional Guard 
Bennington 
National Guard Readiness Center ......................................
0 
16,900 
Virginia 
Army Na-
tional Guard 
Troutville 
National Guard Readiness Center Addition .......................
6,100 
6,100 
Army Na-
tional Guard 
Troutville 
Combined Support Maintenance Shop Addition ................
6,900 
6,900 
Worldwide Unspecified 
Army Na-
tional Guard 
Unspecified Worldwide Locations 
Unspecified Minor Military Construction ..........................
39,471 
39,471 
Army Na-
tional Guard 
Unspecified Worldwide Locations 
Planning & Design .............................................................
22,000 
22,000 
Army Na-
tional Guard 
Worldwide Various Locations 
Army Aviation Support Facility P&D (Sandston, VA) ......
0 
6,500 
Army Na-
tional Guard 
Worldwide Various Locations 
Cost to Complete, Unspecified Minor Construction ...........
0 
69,000 
Army Na-
tional Guard 
Worldwide Various Locations 
Family Housing Planning and Design ...............................
0 
15,000 
SUBTOTAL ARMY NATIONAL GUARD ................................................................................................................
257,103 
439,403 
AIR NATIONAL GUARD 
Alabama 
Air National 
Guard 
Montgomery Regional Airport 
Aircraft Maintenance Facility ..........................................
0 
19,200 
Air National 
Guard 
Sumpter Smith Air National Guard 
Base 
Security and Services Training Facility ...........................
0 
7,500 
Connecticut 
Air National 
Guard 
Bradley International Airport 
Composite ASE/Vehicle MX Facility .................................
0 
17,000 
Delaware 
Air National 
Guard 
New Castle County Airport 
Replace Fuel Cell/Corrosion Control Hangar .....................
0 
17,500 
Idaho 
Air National 
Guard 
Boise Air Terminal (Gowen Field) 
Medical Training Facility .................................................
0 
6,500 
Illinois 
Air National 
Guard 
Abraham Lincoln Capital Airport 
Base Civil Engineer Complex .............................................
0 
10,200 
Massachusetts 
Air National 
Guard 
Barnes Air National Guard Base 
Combined Engine/ASE/NDI Shop .......................................
12,200 
12,200 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00157
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 168-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8700 
November 19, 2021 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Account 
State/Country and Installation 
Project Title 
FY 2022 
Request 
Senate 
Authorized 
Michigan 
Air National 
Guard 
Alpena County Regional Airport 
Aircraft Maintenance Hangar/Shops ..................................
23,000 
23,000 
Air National 
Guard 
Selfridge Air National Guard Base 
A-10 Maintenance Hangar and Shops .................................
0 
28,000 
Air National 
Guard 
W. K. Kellog Regional Airport 
Construct Main Base Entrance ..........................................
10,000 
10,000 
Mississippi 
Air National 
Guard 
Jackson International Airport 
Fire Crash and Rescue Station ..........................................
9,300 
9,300 
New York 
Air National 
Guard 
Francis S. Gabreski Airport 
Base Civil Engineer Complex .............................................
0 
14,800 
Air National 
Guard 
Schenectady Municipal Airport 
C–130 Flight Simulator Facility ........................................
10,800 
10,800 
Ohio 
Air National 
Guard 
Camp Perry 
Red Horse Logistics Complex ............................................
7,800 
7,800 
South Carolina 
Air National 
Guard 
Mcentire Joint National Guard Base 
Hazardous Cargo Pad .........................................................
0 
9,000 
Air National 
Guard 
Mcentire Joint National Guard Base 
F–16 Mission Training Center ............................................
9,800 
9,800 
South Dakota 
Air National 
Guard 
Joe Foss Field 
F–16 Mission Training Center ............................................
9,800 
9,800 
Texas 
Air National 
Guard 
Kelly Field Annex 
Aircraft Corrosion Control ................................................
0 
9,500 
Washington 
Air National 
Guard 
Camp Murray Air National Guard 
Station 
Air Support Operations Complex .......................................
0 
27,000 
Wisconsin 
Air National 
Guard 
Truax Field 
Medical Readiness Facility ................................................
13,200 
13,200 
Air National 
Guard 
Truax Field 
F–35 3–Bay Specialized Hangar ..........................................
31,000 
31,000 
Worldwide Unspecified 
Air National 
Guard 
Unspecified Worldwide Locations 
Unspecified Minor Military Construction ..........................
29,068 
29,068 
Air National 
Guard 
Various Worldwide Locations 
Planning & Design .............................................................
34,402 
34,402 
Wyoming 
Air National 
Guard 
Cheyenne Regional Airport 
Combined Vehicle Maintenance & ASE Complex ..............
13,400 
13,400 
SUBTOTAL AIR NATIONAL GUARD ....................................................................................................................
213,770 
379,970 
ARMY RESERVE 
Michigan 
Army Reserve 
Southfield 
Area Maintenance Support Activity ..................................
12,000 
12,000 
Ohio 
Army Reserve 
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base 
AR Center Training Building/ UHS ....................................
19,000 
19,000 
Wisconsin 
Army Reserve 
Fort McCoy 
Transient Training Officer Barracks .................................
0 
29,200 
Army Reserve 
Fort McCoy 
Transient Training Battalion Headquarters ......................
12,200 
12,200 
Wisonsin 
Army Reserve 
Fort McCoy 
Transient Training Enlisted Barracks ...............................
0 
29,200 
Worldwide Unspecified 
Army Reserve 
Unspecified Worldwide Locations 
Planning & Design .............................................................
7,167 
7,167 
Army Reserve 
Unspecified Worldwide Locations 
Unspecified Minor Military Construction ..........................
14,544 
14,544 
SUBTOTAL ARMY RESERVE ...............................................................................................................................
64,911 
123,311 
NAVY RESERVE 
Michigan 
Navy Reserve 
Navy Operational Support Center 
Battle Creek 
Reserve Center & Vehicle Maintenance Facility ...............
49,090 
49,090 
Minnesota 
Navy Reserve 
Minneapolis Air Reserve Station 
Joint Reserve Intelligence Center .....................................
14,350 
14,350 
Worldwide Unspecified 
Navy Reserve 
Unspecified Worldwide Locations 
MCNR Unspecified Minor Construction .............................
2,359 
2,359 
Navy Reserve 
Unspecified Worldwide Locations 
USMCR Planning and Design ............................................
4,748 
4,748 
Navy Reserve 
Unspecified Worldwide Locations 
MCNR Planning & Design ..................................................
1,257 
1,257 
SUBTOTAL NAVY RESERVE ................................................................................................................................
71,804 
71,804 
AIR FORCE RESERVE 
California 
Air Force Re-
serve 
Beale Air Force Base 
940 ARW SQ OPS & AMU Complex .....................................
0 
33,000 
Florida 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00158
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 169-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8701 
November 19, 2021 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Account 
State/Country and Installation 
Project Title 
FY 2022 
Request 
Senate 
Authorized 
Air Force Re-
serve 
Homestead Air Reserve Base 
Corrosion Control Facility ................................................
14,000 
14,000 
Air Force Re-
serve 
Patrick Air Force Base 
Recovery Flight Simulator ................................................
18,500 
18,500 
Indiana 
Air Force Re-
serve 
Grissom Air Reserve Base 
Logistics Readiness Complex .............................................
0 
29,000 
Minnesota 
Air Force Re-
serve 
Minneapolis-St Paul Air Reserve 
Station 
Mission Support Group Facility ........................................
14,000 
14,000 
New York 
Air Force Re-
serve 
Niagara Falls Air Reserve Station 
Main Gate ..........................................................................
10,600 
10,600 
Ohio 
Air Force Re-
serve 
Youngstown Air Reserve Base 
Assault Runway .................................................................
0 
8,700 
Worldwide Unspecified 
Air Force Re-
serve 
Unspecified Worldwide Locations 
Planning & Design .............................................................
5,830 
5,830 
Air Force Re-
serve 
Unspecified Worldwide Locations 
Unspecified Minor Military Construction ..........................
15,444 
15,444 
Air Force Re-
serve 
Worldwide Various Locations 
Planning and Design - Kc-46 Mob 5 ....................................
0 
15,000 
SUBTOTAL AIR FORCE RESERVE ......................................................................................................................
78,374 
164,074 
NATO SECURITY INVESTMENT PROGRAM 
Worldwide Unspecified 
NATO Secu-
rity Invest-
ment Pro-
gram 
NATO Security Investment Program NATO Security Investment Program ................................
205,853 
205,853 
SUBTOTAL NATO SECURITY INVESTMENT PROGRAM ....................................................................................
205,853 
205,853 
TOTAL MILITARY CONSTRUCTION ...................................................................................................................
8,154,838 
11,006,418 
FAMILY HOUSING 
CONSTRUCTION, ARMY 
Italy 
Construction, 
Army 
Vicenza 
Family Housing New Construction ....................................
92,304 
92,304 
Worldwide Unspecified 
Construction, 
Army 
Unspecified Worldwide Locations 
Family Housing P&D .........................................................
7,545 
7,545 
SUBTOTAL CONSTRUCTION, ARMY ...................................................................................................................
99,849 
99,849 
O&M, ARMY 
Worldwide Unspecified 
O&M, Army 
Unspecified Worldwide Locations 
Management ......................................................................
42,850 
42,850 
O&M, Army 
Unspecified Worldwide Locations 
Services .............................................................................
8,277 
8,277 
O&M, Army 
Unspecified Worldwide Locations 
Furnishings ........................................................................
18,077 
18,077 
O&M, Army 
Unspecified Worldwide Locations 
Miscellaneous ....................................................................
556 
556 
O&M, Army 
Unspecified Worldwide Locations 
Maintenance ......................................................................
111,181 
111,181 
O&M, Army 
Unspecified Worldwide Locations 
Utilities .............................................................................
43,772 
43,772 
O&M, Army 
Unspecified Worldwide Locations 
Leasing ..............................................................................
128,110 
128,110 
O&M, Army 
Unspecified Worldwide Locations 
Housing Privatization Support ..........................................
38,404 
38,404 
SUBTOTAL O&M, ARMY ......................................................................................................................................
391,227 
391,227 
CONSTRUCTION, NAVY AND MARINE CORPS 
Worldwide Unspecified 
Construction, 
Navy and 
Marine 
Corps 
Unspecified Worldwide Locations 
USMC DPRI/Guam Planning & Design ..............................
2,098 
2,098 
Construction, 
Navy and 
Marine 
Corps 
Unspecified Worldwide Locations 
Construction Improvements ..............................................
71,884 
71,884 
Construction, 
Navy and 
Marine 
Corps 
Unspecified Worldwide Locations 
Planning & Design .............................................................
3,634 
3,634 
SUBTOTAL CONSTRUCTION, NAVY AND MARINE CORPS ................................................................................
77,616 
77,616 
O&M, NAVY AND MARINE CORPS 
Worldwide Unspecified 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00159
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 170-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8702 
November 19, 2021 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Account 
State/Country and Installation 
Project Title 
FY 2022 
Request 
Senate 
Authorized 
O&M, Navy 
and Marine 
Corps 
Unspecified Worldwide Locations 
Utilities .............................................................................
56,271 
56,271 
O&M, Navy 
and Marine 
Corps 
Unspecified Worldwide Locations 
Furnishings ........................................................................
16,537 
16,537 
O&M, Navy 
and Marine 
Corps 
Unspecified Worldwide Locations 
Management ......................................................................
54,083 
54,083 
O&M, Navy 
and Marine 
Corps 
Unspecified Worldwide Locations 
Miscellaneous ....................................................................
285 
285 
O&M, Navy 
and Marine 
Corps 
Unspecified Worldwide Locations 
Services .............................................................................
17,637 
17,637 
O&M, Navy 
and Marine 
Corps 
Unspecified Worldwide Locations 
Leasing ..............................................................................
62,567 
62,567 
O&M, Navy 
and Marine 
Corps 
Unspecified Worldwide Locations 
Maintenance ......................................................................
95,417 
95,417 
O&M, Navy 
and Marine 
Corps 
Unspecified Worldwide Locations 
Housing Privatization Support ..........................................
54,544 
54,544 
SUBTOTAL O&M, NAVY AND MARINE CORPS ...................................................................................................
357,341 
357,341 
CONSTRUCTION, AIR FORCE 
Georgia 
Construction, 
Air Force 
Robins Air Force Base 
Robins 2 MHPI Restructure ...............................................
6,000 
6,000 
Nebraska 
Construction, 
Air Force 
Offutt Air Force Base 
Offutt MHPI Restructure ...................................................
50,000 
50,000 
Worldwide Unspecified 
Construction, 
Air Force 
Unspecified Worldwide Locations 
Construction Improvements ..............................................
49,258 
49,258 
Construction, 
Air Force 
Unspecified Worldwide Locations 
Planning & Design .............................................................
10,458 
10,458 
SUBTOTAL CONSTRUCTION, AIR FORCE ..........................................................................................................
115,716 
115,716 
O&M, AIR FORCE 
Worldwide Unspecified 
O&M, Air 
Force 
Unspecified Worldwide Locations 
Housing Privatization ........................................................
23,275 
23,275 
O&M, Air 
Force 
Unspecified Worldwide Locations 
Utilities .............................................................................
43,668 
43,668 
O&M, Air 
Force 
Unspecified Worldwide Locations 
Management ......................................................................
70,062 
70,062 
O&M, Air 
Force 
Unspecified Worldwide Locations 
Services .............................................................................
8,124 
8,124 
O&M, Air 
Force 
Unspecified Worldwide Locations 
Furnishings ........................................................................
26,842 
26,842 
O&M, Air 
Force 
Unspecified Worldwide Locations 
Miscellaneous ....................................................................
2,200 
2,200 
O&M, Air 
Force 
Unspecified Worldwide Locations 
Leasing ..............................................................................
9,520 
9,520 
O&M, Air 
Force 
Unspecified Worldwide Locations 
Maintenance ......................................................................
141,754 
141,754 
SUBTOTAL O&M, AIR FORCE .............................................................................................................................
325,445 
325,445 
O&M, DEFENSE-WIDE 
Worldwide Unspecified 
O&M, Defense- 
Wide 
Unspecified Worldwide Locations 
Utilities .............................................................................
4,166 
4,166 
O&M, Defense- 
Wide 
Unspecified Worldwide Locations 
Furnishings ........................................................................
83 
83 
O&M, Defense- 
Wide 
Unspecified Worldwide Locations 
Utilities .............................................................................
14 
14 
O&M, Defense- 
Wide 
Unspecified Worldwide Locations 
Leasing ..............................................................................
13,387 
13,387 
O&M, Defense- 
Wide 
Unspecified Worldwide Locations 
Maintenance ......................................................................
49 
49 
O&M, Defense- 
Wide 
Unspecified Worldwide Locations 
Furnishings ........................................................................
656 
656 
O&M, Defense- 
Wide 
Unspecified Worldwide Locations 
Leasing ..............................................................................
31,430 
31,430 
SUBTOTAL O&M, DEFENSE-WIDE ......................................................................................................................
49,785 
49,785 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00160
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 171-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8703 
November 19, 2021 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Account 
State/Country and Installation 
Project Title 
FY 2022 
Request 
Senate 
Authorized 
IMPROVEMENT FUND 
Worldwide Unspecified 
Improvement 
Fund 
Unspecified Worldwide Locations 
Administrative Expenses—FHIF .......................................
6,081 
6,081 
SUBTOTAL IMPROVEMENT FUND .....................................................................................................................
6,081 
6,081 
UNACCMP HSG IMPROVEMENT FUND 
Worldwide Unspecified 
Unaccmp HSG 
Improve-
ment Fund 
Unspecified Worldwide Locations 
Administrative Expenses—UHIF .......................................
494 
494 
SUBTOTAL UNACCMP HSG IMPROVEMENT FUND ...........................................................................................
494 
494 
TOTAL FAMILY HOUSING ...................................................................................................................................
1,423,554 
1,423,554 
DEFENSE BASE REALIGNMENT AND CLOSURE 
ARMY BRAC 
Worldwide Unspecified 
Army BRAC 
Base Realignment & Closure 
Base Realignment & Closure .............................................
65,301 
65,301 
SUBTOTAL ARMY BRAC ......................................................................................................................................
65,301 
65,301 
NAVY BRAC 
Worldwide Unspecified 
Navy BRAC 
Unspecified Worldwide Locations 
Base Realignment & Closure .............................................
111,155 
111,155 
SUBTOTAL NAVY BRAC ......................................................................................................................................
111,155 
111,155 
AIR FORCE BRAC 
Worldwide Unspecified 
Air Force 
BRAC 
Unspecified Worldwide Locations 
DOD BRAC Activities—Air Force ......................................
104,216 
104,216 
SUBTOTAL AIR FORCE BRAC .............................................................................................................................
104,216 
104,216 
DOD BRAC 
Worldwide Unspecified 
DOD BRAC 
Unspecified Worldwide Locations 
Int–4: DLA Activities .........................................................
3,967 
3,967 
SUBTOTAL DOD BRAC ........................................................................................................................................
3,967 
3,967 
TOTAL DEFENSE BASE REALIGNMENT AND CLOSURE ...................................................................................
284,639 
284,639 
TOTAL MILITARY CONSTRUCTION, FAMILY HOUSING, AND BRAC ................................................................
9,863,031 
12,714,611 
TITLE XLVII—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY 
NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS 
SEC. 4701. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL 
SECURITY PROGRAMS. 
SEC. 4701. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Program 
FY 2022 
Request 
Senate 
Authorized 
Discretionary Summary by Appropriation 
Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies 
Appropriation Summary: 
Energy Programs 
Nuclear energy .............................................................................................................................................
149,800 
149,800 
Atomic Energy Defense Activities 
National Nuclear Security Administration: 
Federal Salaries and Expenses ...............................................................................................................
464,000 
464,000 
Weapons activities .................................................................................................................................
15,484,295 
15,755,745 
Defense nuclear nonproliferation ...........................................................................................................
1,934,000 
1,991,000 
Naval reactors ........................................................................................................................................
1,860,705 
1,860,705 
Total, National Nuclear Security Administration .....................................................................................................
19,743,000 
20,071,450 
Defense environmental cleanup ...................................................................................................................
6,841,670 
6,573,000 
Other defense activities ................................................................................................................................
1,170,000 
920,000 
Total, Atomic Energy Defense Activities ...................................................................................................................
27,754,670 
27,564,450 
Total, Discretionary Funding ....................................................................................................................................
27,904,470 
27,714,250 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00161
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 172-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8704 
November 19, 2021 
SEC. 4701. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Program 
FY 2022 
Request 
Senate 
Authorized 
Nuclear Energy 
Safeguards and security ...........................................................................................................................................
149,800 
149,800 
Total, Nuclear Energy ...............................................................................................................................................
149,800 
149,800 
National Nuclear Security Administration 
Federal Salaries and Expenses 
Program direction ....................................................................................................................................................
464,000 
464,000 
Weapons Activities 
Stockpile management 
Stockpile major modernization 
B61 Life extension program ..........................................................................................................................
771,664 
771,664 
W76–2 Modification program .........................................................................................................................
0 
0 
W88 Alteration program ...............................................................................................................................
207,157 
207,157 
W80–4 Life extension program ......................................................................................................................
1,080,400 
1,080,400 
W80–4 ALT SLCM .........................................................................................................................................
10,000 
10,000 
W87–1 Modification Program (formerly IW1) ................................................................................................
691,031 
691,031 
W93 ...............................................................................................................................................................
72,000 
72,000 
Multi-Weapon Systems .................................................................................................................................
1,180,483 
1,180,483 
Total, Stockpile major modernization .......................................................................................................................
4,012,735 
4,012,735 
Weapons dismantlement and disposition ...........................................................................................................
51,000 
51,000 
Production operations ........................................................................................................................................
568,941 
568,941 
Total, Stockpile management ....................................................................................................................................
4,632,676 
4,632,676 
Production modernization 
Primary capability modernization 
Plutonium modernization 
Los Alamos plutonium modernization 
Los Alamos Plutonium Operations ..................................................................................................
660,419 
660,419 
21–D–512, Plutonium Pit Production Project, LANL ........................................................................
350,000 
350,000 
Subtotal, Los Alamos plutonium modernization .......................................................................................................
1,010,419 
1,010,419 
Savannah River plutonium modernization 
Savannah River plutonium operations .............................................................................................
128,000 
128,000 
21–D–511, Savannah River Plutonium Processing Facility, SRS ......................................................
475,000 
475,000 
Subtotal, Savannah River plutonium modernization ................................................................................................
603,000 
603,000 
Enterprise Plutonium Support ...............................................................................................................
107,098 
107,098 
Total, Plutonium Modernization ...............................................................................................................................
1,720,517 
1,720,517 
High Explosives & Energetics .......................................................................................................................
68,785 
68,785 
Total, Primary capability modernization ..................................................................................................................
1,789,302 
1,789,302 
Secondary Capability Modernization .................................................................................................................
488,097 
493,097 
Cold hearth furnace for depleted uranium ................................................................................
(5,000) 
Tritium and Domestic Uranium Enrichment .....................................................................................................
489,017 
489,017 
Non-Nuclear Capability Modernization ..............................................................................................................
144,563 
144,563 
Total, Production modernization ..............................................................................................................................
2,910,979 
2,915,979 
Stockpile research, technology, and engineering 
Assessment science .............................................................................................................................................
689,578 
769,528 
Reverse FY22 decrease ...............................................................................................................
(79,950) 
Engineering and integrated assessments ...........................................................................................................
336,766 
337,766 
Reverse FY22 decrease ...............................................................................................................
(1,000) 
Inertial confinement fusion ................................................................................................................................
529,000 
599,000 
Reverse FY22 decrease, fund operations and targets .................................................................
(70,000) 
Advanced simulation and computing .................................................................................................................
747,012 
747,012 
Weapon technology and manufacturing maturation ..........................................................................................
292,630 
301,130 
Reverse FY22 decrease ...............................................................................................................
(8,500) 
Academic programs ............................................................................................................................................
85,645 
91,945 
Reverse FY22 decrease ...............................................................................................................
(6,300) 
Total, Stockpile research, technology, and engineering ............................................................................................
2,680,631 
2,846,381 
Infrastructure and operations 
Operating 
Operations of facilities .................................................................................................................................
1,014,000 
1,014,000 
Safety and Environmental Operations .........................................................................................................
165,354 
165,354 
Maintenance and Repair of Facilities ..........................................................................................................
670,000 
670,000 
Recapitalization 
Infrastructure and Safety ......................................................................................................................
508,664 
574,664 
Reverse FY22 decrease ...............................................................................................................
(66,000) 
Capabilities Based Investments .............................................................................................................
143,066 
149,166 
Reverse FY22 decrease ...............................................................................................................
(6,100) 
Planning for Programmatic Construction (Pre-CD–1) ............................................................................
0 
10,000 
Reverse FY22 decrease ...............................................................................................................
(10,000) 
Subtotal, Recapitalization ........................................................................................................................................
651,730 
733,830 
Total, Operating .......................................................................................................................................................
2,501,084 
2,583,184 
I&O: Construction 
Programmatic 
22–D–513 Power Sources Capability, SNL ..............................................................................................
13,827 
13,827 
21–D–510, HE Synthesis, Formulation, and Production Facility, PX .....................................................
44,500 
44,500 
18–D–690, Lithium Processing Facility, Y–12 ..........................................................................................
171,902 
171,902 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00162
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 173-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8705 
November 19, 2021 
SEC. 4701. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Program 
FY 2022 
Request 
Senate 
Authorized 
18–D–650, Tritium Finishing Facility, SRS .............................................................................................
27,000 
27,000 
18–D–620, Exascale Computing Facility Modernization Project, LLNL ..................................................
0 
0 
17–D–640, U1a Complex Enhancements Project, NNSS ...........................................................................
135,000 
135,000 
15–D–302, TA–55 Reinvestment Project—Phase 3, LANL .........................................................................
27,000 
27,000 
15–D–301, HE Science & Engineering Facility, PX ..................................................................................
0 
0 
07–D–220-04, Transuranic Liquid Waste Facility, LANL .........................................................................
0 
0 
06–D–141, Uranium Processing Facility, Y–12 .........................................................................................
524,000 
524,000 
04–D–125, Chemistry and Metallurgy Research Replacement Project, LANL .........................................
138,123 
138,123 
Total, Programmatic .................................................................................................................................................
1,081,352 
1,081,352 
Mission enabling 
22–D–514 Digital Infrastructure Capability Expansion ...........................................................................
8,000 
8,000 
Total, Mission enabling .............................................................................................................................................
8,000 
8,000 
Total, I&O construction ............................................................................................................................................
1,089,352 
1,089,352 
Total, Infrastructure and operations ........................................................................................................................
3,590,436 
3,672,536 
Secure transportation asset 
Operations and equipment ..................................................................................................................................
213,704 
225,704 
Reverse FY22 decrease ...............................................................................................................
(12,000) 
Program direction ..............................................................................................................................................
123,060 
129,660 
Reverse FY22 decrease ...............................................................................................................
(6,600) 
Total, Secure transportation asset ............................................................................................................................
336,764 
355,364 
Defense nuclear security 
Operations and maintenance ..............................................................................................................................
824,623 
824,623 
Security improvements program ........................................................................................................................
0 
0 
Construction: 
17–D–710, West end protected area reduction project, Y–12 ...........................................................................
23,000 
23,000 
Subtotal, construction ..............................................................................................................................................
23,000 
23,000 
Total, Defense nuclear security ................................................................................................................................
847,623 
847,623 
Information technology and cybersecurity ...............................................................................................................
406,530 
406,530 
Legacy contractor pensions ......................................................................................................................................
78,656 
78,656 
Total, Weapons Activities ..........................................................................................................................................
15,484,295 
15,755,745 
Adjustments 
Use of prior year balances ..................................................................................................................................
0 
0 
Total, Adjustments ....................................................................................................................................................
0 
0 
Total, Weapons Activities ..........................................................................................................................................
15,484,295 
15,755,745 
Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation 
Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation Programs 
Material management and minimization 
Conversion (formerly HEU Reactor Conversion) ..........................................................................................
100,660 
100,660 
Nuclear material removal ............................................................................................................................
42,100 
42,100 
Material disposition .....................................................................................................................................
200,186 
200,186 
Laboratory and partnership support ............................................................................................................
0 
10,000 
Additional isotope production .........................................................................................................
(10,000) 
Total, Material management & minimization ...........................................................................................................
342,946 
352,946 
Global material security 
International nuclear security .....................................................................................................................
79,939 
79,939 
Domestic radiological security ....................................................................................................................
158,002 
185,002 
Reverse FY22 decrease .....................................................................................................................
(27,000) 
International radiological security ..............................................................................................................
85,000 
85,000 
Nuclear smuggling detection and deterrence ...............................................................................................
175,000 
185,000 
Additional border screening ............................................................................................................
(10,000) 
Total, Global material security .................................................................................................................................
497,941 
534,941 
Nonproliferation and arms control .....................................................................................................................
184,795 
184,795 
National Technical Nuclear Forensics R&D .......................................................................................................
45,000 
45,000 
Defense nuclear nonproliferation R&D 
Proliferation detection .................................................................................................................................
269,407 
269,407 
Nonproliferation Stewardship program ..................................................................................................
87,329 
87,329 
Nuclear detonation detection .......................................................................................................................
271,000 
271,000 
Nonproliferation fuels development .............................................................................................................
0 
0 
Total, Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation R&D ..........................................................................................................
627,736 
627,736 
Nonproliferation construction 
U.S. Construction: 
18–D–150 Surplus Plutonium Disposition Project ...................................................................................
156,000 
156,000 
99–D–143, Mixed Oxide (MOX) Fuel Fabrication Facility, SRS ...............................................................
0 
0 
Total, U.S. Construction: ...........................................................................................................................................
156,000 
156,000 
Total, Nonproliferation construction ........................................................................................................................
156,000 
156,000 
Total, Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation Programs ..................................................................................................
1,854,418 
1,901,418 
Legacy contractor pensions .....................................................................................................................................
38,800 
38,800 
Nuclear counterterrorism and incident response program 
Emergency Operations .......................................................................................................................................
14,597 
24,597 
Reverse FY22 decrease ...............................................................................................................
(10,000) 
Counterterrorism and Counterproliferation .......................................................................................................
356,185 
356,185 
Total, Nuclear counterterrorism and incident response program ............................................................................
370,782 
380,782 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00163
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 174-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8706 
November 19, 2021 
SEC. 4701. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Program 
FY 2022 
Request 
Senate 
Authorized 
Subtotal, Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation .............................................................................................................
2,264,000 
2,321,000 
Adjustments 
Use of prior year balances ..................................................................................................................................
0 
0 
Rescission of prior year MOX funding ................................................................................................................
–330,000 
–330,000 
Total, Adjustments ....................................................................................................................................................
–330,000 
–330,000 
Total, Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation ..................................................................................................................
1,934,000 
1,991,000 
Naval Reactors 
Naval reactors development .....................................................................................................................................
635,684 
635,684 
Columbia-Class reactor systems development .........................................................................................................
55,000 
55,000 
S8G Prototype refueling ...........................................................................................................................................
126,000 
126,000 
Naval reactors operations and infrastructure ..........................................................................................................
599,017 
599,017 
Program direction ....................................................................................................................................................
55,579 
55,579 
Construction: 
22–D–532 Security Upgrades KL ..........................................................................................................................
5,100 
5,100 
22–D–531 KL Chemistry & Radiological Health Building ....................................................................................
41,620 
41,620 
21–D–530 KL Steam and Condensate Upgrades ....................................................................................................
0 
0 
14–D–901, Spent Fuel Handling Recapitalization Project, NRF ..........................................................................
348,705 
348,705 
Total, Construction ...................................................................................................................................................
395,425 
395,425 
Rescission of Prior Year unobligated balances ........................................................................................................
–6,000 
–6,000 
Total, Naval Reactors ...............................................................................................................................................
1,860,705 
1,860,705 
TOTAL, National Nuclear Security Administration ..................................................................................................
19,743,000 
20,071,450 
Defense Environmental Cleanup 
Closure sites administration ..............................................................................................................................
3,987 
3,987 
Richland: 
River corridor and other cleanup operations .....................................................................................................
196,000 
233,000 
Reverse FY22 decrease ...............................................................................................................
(37,000) 
Central plateau remediation ..............................................................................................................................
689,776 
689,776 
Richland community and regulatory support ....................................................................................................
5,121 
5,121 
18–D–404 Modification of Waste Encapsulation and Storage Facility ................................................................
8,000 
8,000 
22–D–401 L–888, 400 Area Fire Station .................................................................................................................
15,200 
15,200 
22–D–402 L–897, 200 Area Water Treatment Facility ...........................................................................................
12,800 
12,800 
Total, Richland .........................................................................................................................................................
926,897 
963,897 
Office of River Protection: 
Waste Treatment Immobilization Plant Commissioning ...................................................................................
50,000 
50,000 
Rad liquid tank waste stabilization and disposition ..........................................................................................
817,642 
837,642 
Additional tank stabilization ....................................................................................................
(20,000) 
Construction: 
18–D–16 Waste treatment and immobilization plant—LBL/Direct feed LAW .........................................
586,000 
586,000 
01–D–16 D, High-level waste facility .......................................................................................................
60,000 
60,000 
01–D–16 E, Pretreatment Facility ...........................................................................................................
20,000 
20,000 
Total, Construction ...................................................................................................................................................
666,000 
666,000 
ORP Low-level waste offsite disposal .................................................................................................................
7,000 
7,000 
Total, Office of River Protection ...............................................................................................................................
1,540,642 
1,560,642 
Idaho National Laboratory: 
Idaho cleanup and waste disposition ..................................................................................................................
358,925 
358,925 
Idaho community and regulatory support ..........................................................................................................
2,658 
2,658 
Construction: 
22–D–403 Idaho Spent Nuclear Fuel Staging Facility .............................................................................
3,000 
3,000 
22–D–404 Addl ICDF Landfill Disposal Cell and Evaporation Ponds Project ..........................................
5,000 
5,000 
Total, Construction ...................................................................................................................................................
8,000 
8,000 
Total, Idaho National Laboratory .............................................................................................................................
369,583 
369,583 
NNSA sites and Nevada off-sites 
Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory ........................................................................................................
1,806 
1,806 
LLNL Excess facilities D&D ...............................................................................................................................
35,000 
45,000 
Accelerate cleanup ....................................................................................................................
(10,000) 
Separations Processing Research Unit ...............................................................................................................
15,000 
15,000 
Nevada Test Site ................................................................................................................................................
60,737 
60,737 
Sandia National Laboratory ..............................................................................................................................
4,576 
4,576 
Los Alamos National Laboratory .......................................................................................................................
275,119 
275,119 
Los Alamos Excess facilities D&D ......................................................................................................................
58,381 
58,381 
Total, NNSA sites and Nevada off-sites .....................................................................................................................
450,619 
460,619 
Oak Ridge Reservation: 
OR Nuclear facility D&D ....................................................................................................................................
274,923 
324,923 
Accelerate cleanup ....................................................................................................................
(50,000) 
U233 Disposition Program ..................................................................................................................................
55,000 
55,000 
OR cleanup and waste disposition ......................................................................................................................
73,725 
73,725 
Construction: 
17–D–401 On-site waste disposal facility .......................................................................................................
12,500 
12,500 
14–D–403 Outfall 200 Mercury Treatment Facility ........................................................................................
0 
0 
Subtotal, Construction: .............................................................................................................................................
12,500 
12,500 
OR community & regulatory support .................................................................................................................
5,096 
5,096 
OR technology development and deployment ....................................................................................................
3,000 
3,000 
Total, Oak Ridge Reservation ...................................................................................................................................
424,244 
474,244 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00164
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 175-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8707 
November 19, 2021 
SEC. 4701. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Program 
FY 2022 
Request 
Senate 
Authorized 
Savannah River Site: 
Savannah River risk management operations ...................................................................................................
461,723 
486,023 
H-canyon operations .................................................................................................................
(24,300) 
SR legacy pensions .............................................................................................................................................
130,882 
130,882 
SR community and regulatory support ..............................................................................................................
5,805 
11,505 
Reverse FY22 decrease ...............................................................................................................
(5,700) 
Radioactive liquid tank waste: 
Construction: 
20-D–402 Advanced Manufacturing Collaborative Facility (AMC) ................................................................
0 
0 
20-D–401 Saltstone Disposal Unit #10, 11, 12 ..................................................................................................
19,500 
19,500 
19–D–701 SR Security systems replacement .................................................................................................
5,000 
5,000 
18–D–402 Saltstone disposal unit #8/9 ............................................................................................................
68,000 
68,000 
17–D–402 Saltstone Disposal Unit #7 .............................................................................................................
0 
0 
05–D–405 Salt waste processing facility, SRS ...............................................................................................
0 
0 
Total, Construction, Radioactive liquid tank waste ..................................................................................................
92,500 
92,500 
Radioactive liquid tank waste stabilization ......................................................................................................
890,865 
890,865 
Total, Savannah River Site .......................................................................................................................................
1,581,775 
1,611,775 
Waste Isolation Pilot Plant 
Waste Isolation Pilot Plant ................................................................................................................................
350,424 
350,424 
Construction: 
15–D–411 Safety significant confinement ventilation system, WIPP ............................................................
55,000 
55,000 
15–D–412 Exhaust shaft, WIPP ......................................................................................................................
25,000 
25,000 
21–D–401 Hoisting Capability Project ...........................................................................................................
0 
0 
Total, Construction ...................................................................................................................................................
80,000 
80,000 
Total, Waste Isolation Pilot Plant .............................................................................................................................
430,424 
430,424 
Program direction—Defense Environmental Cleanup ..............................................................................................
293,106 
293,106 
Program support—Defense Environmental Cleanup ................................................................................................
62,979 
62,979 
Safeguards and Security—Defense Environmental Cleanup ....................................................................................
316,744 
316,744 
Technology development and deployment ...............................................................................................................
25,000 
25,000 
Federal contribution to the Uranium Enrichment D&D Fund .................................................................................
415,670 
0 
Reverse contribution to Fund from EM budget ...............................................................................
(–415,670) 
Use of prior year balances ........................................................................................................................................
0 
0 
Subtotal, Defense environmental cleanup ................................................................................................................
6,841,670 
6,573,000 
Rescission: 
Rescission of prior year balances .......................................................................................................................
0 
0 
TOTAL, Defense Environmental Cleanup .................................................................................................................
6,841,670 
6,573,000 
Other Defense Activities 
Environment, health, safety and security 
Environment, health, safety and security mission support ...............................................................................
130,809 
130,809 
Program direction ..............................................................................................................................................
75,511 
75,511 
Total, Environment, health, safety and security .......................................................................................................
206,320 
206,320 
Independent enterprise assessments 
Enterprise assessments ......................................................................................................................................
27,335 
27,335 
Program direction—Office of Enterprise Assessments .......................................................................................
56,049 
56,049 
Total, Office of Enterprise Assessments ....................................................................................................................
83,384 
83,384 
Specialized security activities .................................................................................................................................
283,500 
283,500 
Office of Legacy Management 
Legacy management activities—defense ............................................................................................................
408,797 
158,797 
Reduction for work performed by Army Corps of Engineers .....................................................
(–250,000) 
Program direction ..............................................................................................................................................
19,933 
19,933 
Total, Office of Legacy Management .........................................................................................................................
428,730 
178,730 
Defense related administrative support ...................................................................................................................
163,710 
163,710 
Office of hearings and appeals ..................................................................................................................................
4,356 
4,356 
Subtotal, Other defense activities .............................................................................................................................
1,170,000 
920,000 
Use of prior year balances ........................................................................................................................................
0 
0 
Total, Other Defense Activities .................................................................................................................................
1,170,000 
920,000 
DIVISION E—ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS 
TITLE LII—RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, 
TEST, AND EVALUATION 
SEC. 5201. IMPROVEMENTS RELATING TO STEER-
ING 
COMMITTEE 
ON 
EMERGING 
TECHNOLOGY AND NATIONAL SECU-
RITY THREATS. 
Section 236 of the William M. (Mac) Thorn-
berry National Defense Authorization Act 
for Fiscal Year 2021 (Public Law 116–283), is 
amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘may’’ 
and inserting ‘‘and the Director of National 
Intelligence may jointly’’; 
(2) in subsection (b), by— 
(A) by striking paragraphs (3) through (8); 
and 
(B) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(3) The Principal Deputy Director of Na-
tional Intelligence. 
‘‘(4) Such other officials of the Department 
of Defense and intelligence community as 
the Secretary of Defense and the Director of 
National Intelligence jointly determine ap-
propriate.’’; 
(3) 
by 
redesignating 
subsections 
(c) 
through (e) as subsections (d) through (f), re-
spectively; 
(4) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(c) 
LEADERSHIP.—The 
Steering 
Com-
mittee shall be chaired by the Deputy Sec-
retary of Defense, the Vice Chairman of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00165
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 176-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8708 
November 19, 2021 
Joint Chiefs of Staff, and the Principal Dep-
uty Director of National Intelligence joint-
ly.’’; 
(5) in subsection (d), as redesignated by 
paragraph (3)— 
(A) in paragraph (1)— 
(i) by striking ‘‘a strategy’’ and inserting 
‘‘strategies’’; 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘and intelligence commu-
nity’’ after ‘‘United States military’’; and 
(iii) by inserting ‘‘and National Intel-
ligence Strategy, and consistent with the 
National Security Strategy’’ after ‘‘National 
Defense Strategy’’; 
(B) inserting in paragraph (3)— 
(i) in the matter before subparagraph (A), 
by inserting ‘‘and the Director of National 
Intelligence’’ after ‘‘the Secretary of De-
fense’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘strat-
egy’’ and inserting ‘‘strategies’’; 
(iii) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘; 
and’’ and inserting a semicolon; 
(iv) by redesignating subparagraph (E) as 
subparagraph (F); and 
(v) by inserting after subparagraph (D) the 
following: 
‘‘(E) any changes to the guidance for devel-
oping the National Intelligence Program 
budget required by section 102A(c)(1)(A) of 
the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 
3024(c)(1)(A)), that may be required to imple-
ment the strategies under paragraph (1); 
and’’; and 
(vi) in subparagraph (F), as redesignated by 
clause (iv), by inserting ‘‘and the intel-
ligence community’’ after ‘‘Department of 
Defense’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (4), by inserting ‘‘and Di-
rector of National Intelligence, jointly’’ 
after ‘‘Secretary of Defense’’; 
(6) by amending subsection (e), as redesig-
nated by paragraph (3), to read as follows: 
‘‘(e) DEFINITIONS.—In this section: 
‘‘(1) The term ‘emerging technology’ means 
technology determined to be in an emerging 
phase of development by the Secretary, in-
cluding quantum information science and 
technology, data analytics, artificial intel-
ligence, autonomous technology, advanced 
materials, software, high performance com-
puting, 
robotics, 
directed 
energy, 
hypersonics, biotechnology, medical tech-
nologies, and such other technology as may 
be identified by the Secretary. 
‘‘(2) The term ‘intelligence community’ 
has the meaning given such term in section 
3 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 
U.S.C. 3003).’’; and 
(7) in subsection (f), as redesignated by 
paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘October 1, 2024’’ 
and inserting ‘‘October 1, 2025’’. 
SEC. 5202. BRIEFING ON ADDITIVE MANUFAC-
TURING CAPABILITIES. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
the Director of the Army Combat Capabili-
ties Development Command shall brief the 
congressional defense committees on— 
(1) current research and development ac-
tivities to leverage robotics, autonomy, and 
artificial intelligence to enhance additive 
manufacturing capabilities in forward-de-
ployed, expeditionary bases; and 
(2) courses of action being considered to 
successfully transition additive manufac-
turing 
capabilities 
into 
sustained 
oper-
ational capabilities. 
(b) ELEMENTS.—The briefing required by 
subsection (a) shall include the following: 
(1) A summary of research advances and in-
novations in expeditionary manufacturing 
enabled by past investments combining arti-
ficial intelligence and additive manufac-
turing. 
(2) A summary of plans and ongoing activi-
ties to engage with operational programs 
and programs of record to ensure that such 
advances and innovations can be successfully 
transitioned and supported to maximize mis-
sion readiness and force resiliency. 
(3) An assessment of the feasibility of initi-
ating pilot programs between institutions of 
higher education, the defense industrial 
base, and the Army Combat Capabilities De-
velopment Command related to experimen-
tation and demonstrations of expeditionary 
manufacturing techniques. 
SEC. 
5203. 
IMPORTANCE 
OF 
HISTORICALLY 
BLACK 
COLLEGES 
AND 
UNIVER-
SITIES AND MINORITY-SERVING IN-
STITUTIONS. 
(a) INCREASE.—Funds authorized to be ap-
propriated in Research, Development, Test, 
and 
Evaluation, 
Defense-wide, 
PE 
0601228D8Z, section 4201, for Basic Research, 
Historically Black Colleges and Universities/ 
Minority Institutions, Line 7, are hereby in-
creased by $20,000,000. 
(b) OFFSET.—Funding in section 4301 for 
Operation and Maintenance, Afghanistan Se-
curity Forces Fund, Afghan Air Force, Line 
090, is hereby reduced by $20,000,000. 
SEC. 5204. ADDITIONAL FUNDING FOR UNDERSEA 
WARFARE APPLIED RESEARCH. 
(a) ADDITIONAL FUNDING.—The amount au-
thorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 
2022 by section 201 for research, development, 
test, and evaluation is hereby increased by 
$11,000,000, with the amount of the increase 
to be available for Undersea Warfare Applied 
Research (PE 0602747N). 
(b) OFFSET.—The amount authorized to be 
appropriated for fiscal year 2022 by section 
101 for procurement for the Army, the Navy 
and the Marine Corps, the Air Force and the 
Space Force, and Defense-wide activities is 
hereby decreased by $11,000,000, with the 
amount of the decrease to be derived from 
amounts available for Shipbuilding and Con-
version, Navy Fleet Ballistic Missile Ships, 
Line 19, LHA Replacement. 
TITLE LIII—OPERATION AND 
MAINTENANCE 
SEC. 5301. IMPROVED OVERSIGHT FOR IMPLE-
MENTATION OF SHIPYARD INFRA-
STRUCTURE 
OPTIMIZATION 
PRO-
GRAM OF THE NAVY. 
(a) UPDATED PLAN.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than September 
30, 2022, the Secretary of the Navy shall sub-
mit to the congressional defense committees 
an update to the plan of the Secretary for 
implementation of the Shipyard Infrastruc-
ture Optimization Program of the Depart-
ment of the Navy, with the objective of pro-
viding increased transparency for the actual 
costs and schedules associated with infra-
structure optimization activities for ship-
yards covered by such program. 
(2) UPDATED COST ESTIMATES.—The updated 
plan required under paragraph (1) shall in-
clude updated cost estimates comprising the 
most recent costs of capital improvement 
projects for each of the four public shipyards 
covered by the Shipyard Infrastructure Opti-
mization Program. 
(b) BRIEFING REQUIREMENT.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—Before the start of phys-
ical construction with respect to a covered 
project, the Secretary of the Navy or a des-
ignee of the Secretary shall brief each of the 
congressional defense committees on such 
project, regardless of the source of funding 
for such project. 
(2) 
WRITTEN
INFORMATION.—Before 
con-
ducting a briefing under paragraph (1) with 
respect to a covered project, the Secretary of 
the Navy or a designee of the Secretary shall 
submit to the congressional defense commit-
tees in writing the following information: 
(A) An updated cost estimate for such 
project that— 
(i) meets the standards of the Association 
for the Advancement of Cost Engineering for 
a Level 1 or Level 2 cost estimate; or 
(ii) is an independent cost estimate. 
(B) A schedule for such project that is com-
prehensive, well-constructed, credible, and 
controlled pursuant to the Schedule Assess-
ment Guide: Best Practices for Project 
Schedules (GAO–16–89G) set forth by the 
Comptroller General of the United States in 
December 2015, or successor guide. 
(C) An estimate of the likelihood that pro-
grammed and planned funds for such project 
will be sufficient for the completion of the 
project. 
(3) COVERED PROJECT DEFINED.—In this sub-
section, the term ‘‘covered project’’ means a 
shipyard project under the Shipyard Infra-
structure Optimization Program— 
(A) with a contract awarded on or after Oc-
tober 1, 2024; and 
(B) valued at $250,000,000 or more. 
(c) ANNUAL REPORT.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than December 
31, 2022, and not later than December 31 of 
each year thereafter, the Commander of the 
Naval Sea Systems Command, in coordina-
tion with the Program Manager Ships 555, 
shall submit to the congressional defense 
committees a report detailing the use by the 
Department of the Navy of funding for all ef-
forts associated with the Shipyard Infra-
structure Optimization Program, including 
the use of amounts made available by law to 
support the projects identified in the plan to 
implement such program, including any up-
date to such plan under subsection (a). 
(2) ELEMENTS.—Each report required by 
paragraph (1) shall include updated cost and 
schedule estimates— 
(A) for the plan to implement the Shipyard 
Optimization Program, including any update 
to such plan under subsection (a); and 
(B) for each dry dock, major facility, and 
infrastructure project valued at $250,000,000 
or more under such program. 
(d) COMPTROLLER GENERAL REPORT.— 
(1) REPORT.— 
(A) IN
GENERAL.—Not later than May 1, 
2023, the Comptroller General of the United 
States shall submit to the Committees on 
Armed Services of the Senate and the House 
of Representatives a report on the progress 
of the Secretary of the Navy in imple-
menting the Shipyard Infrastructure Optimi-
zation Program, including— 
(i) the progress of the Secretary in com-
pleting the first annual report required 
under such program; and 
(ii) the cost and schedule estimates for full 
implementation of such program. 
(B) ELEMENTS.—The report required by 
subparagraph (A) shall include the following: 
(i) An assessment of the extent to which 
the cost estimate for the updated optimiza-
tion plan for the Shipyard Infrastructure Op-
timization Program is consistent with lead-
ing practices for cost estimation. 
(ii) An assessment of the extent to which 
the project schedule for such program is 
comprehensive, well-constructed, credible, 
and controlled. 
(iii) An assessment of whether programmed 
and planned funds for a project under such 
program will be sufficient for the completion 
of the project. 
(iv) Such other related matters as the 
Comptroller General considers appropriate. 
(2) INITIAL BRIEFING.—Not later than April 
1, 2023, the Comptroller General shall brief 
the Committees on Armed Services of the 
Senate and the House of Representatives on 
the preliminary findings of the report under 
paragraph (1). 
SEC. 5302. TREATMENT BY DEPARTMENT OF DE-
FENSE OF PERFLUOROALKYL SUB-
STANCES AND POLYFLUOROALKYL 
SUBSTANCES. 
Section 2714(e)(2) of title 10, United States 
Code, as added by section 351(a)(6) of this 
Act, is hereby deemed to read as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00166
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 177-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8709 
November 19, 2021 
‘‘(2) Finding and funding the procurement 
of an effective substitute firefighting solu-
tion without perfluoroalkyl substances or 
polyfluoroalkyl substances.’’. 
SEC. 5303. REPORT ON PROGRESS OF AIR FORCE 
REGARDING CONTAMINATED REAL 
PROPERTY. 
(a) SENSE OF SENATE.—It is the sense of the 
Senate that— 
(1) certain property on or near Air Force 
facilities located in the United States are 
contaminated 
with 
harmful 
perfluorooctanoic acid and perfluorooctane 
sulfonate chemicals; 
(2) 
perfluorooctanoic 
acid 
and 
perfluorooctane 
sulfonate 
contamination 
threatens the jobs, lives, and livelihoods of 
citizens and livestock who live in contami-
nated areas; 
(3) property owners, especially those facing 
severe financial hardship, cannot wait any 
longer for the Air Force to acquire contami-
nated property; and 
(4) the Secretary of the Air Force should, 
in an expeditious manner, use the authority 
under section 344 of the National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2020 (Public 
Law 116–92; 10 U.S.C. 2701 note) to acquire 
contaminated property, remediate or dispose 
of it pursuant to Federal and State environ-
mental laws, and provide relocation assist-
ance. 
(b) REPORT.— 
(1) IN
GENERAL.—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
the Secretary of the Air Force shall submit 
to the Committees on Armed Services of the 
Senate and the House of Representatives a 
report on the progress of the Air Force in 
carrying out section 344 of the National De-
fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2020 
(Public Law 116–92; 10 U.S.C. 2701 note). 
(2) ELEMENTS.—The report required under 
paragraph (1) shall include— 
(A) a detailed description of any real prop-
erty contaminated by perfluorooctanoic acid 
and perfluorooctane sulfonate by activities 
of the Air Force; 
(B) a description of any progress made by 
the Secretary of the Air Force to acquire and 
remediate or dispose of property pursuant to 
Federal and State environmental laws or 
provide relocation assistance pursuant to 
section 344 of the National Defense Author-
ization Act for Fiscal Year 2020 (Public Law 
116–92; 10 U.S.C. 2701 note); and 
(C) if the Secretary of the Air Force has 
not acquired and remediated or disposed of 
property pursuant to Federal and State envi-
ronmental laws or provided relocation assist-
ance pursuant to such section, an expla-
nation of why not. 
TITLE LV—MILITARY PERSONNEL POLICY 
SEC. 5501. CONCURRENT USE OF DEPARTMENT 
OF DEFENSE TUITION ASSISTANCE 
AND 
MONTGOMERY 
GI 
BILL-SE-
LECTED RESERVE BENEFITS. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Section 16131 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at 
the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(k)(1) In the case of an individual entitled 
to educational assistance under this chapter 
who is pursuing education or training de-
scribed in subsection (a) or (c) of section 2007 
of this title on a half-time or more basis, the 
Secretary concerned shall, at the election of 
the individual, pay the individual edu-
cational assistance allowance under this 
chapter for pursuit of such education or 
training as if the individual were not also el-
igible to receive or in receipt of educational 
assistance under section 2007 for pursuit of 
such education or training. 
‘‘(2) Concurrent receipt of educational as-
sistance under section 2007 of this title and 
educational assistance under this chapter 
shall not be considered a duplication of bene-
fits if the individual is enrolled in a program 
of education on a half-time or more basis.’’. 
(b) 
CONFORMING
AMENDMENTS.—Section 
2007(d) of such title is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘or chap-
ter 1606 of this title’’ after ‘‘of title 38’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘, in the 
case of educational assistance under chapter 
30 of such title, and section 16131(k), in the 
case of educational assistance under chapter 
1606 of this title’’ before the period at the 
end. 
SEC. 5502. STUDY ON EMPLOYMENT OF MILITARY 
SPOUSES. 
(a) STUDY.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of Defense 
shall conduct a study to identify employ-
ment barriers affecting military spouses. 
(2) ELEMENTS.—The study conducted under 
paragraph (1) shall determine the following: 
(A) The rate or prevalence of military 
spouses who are currently employed and 
whether such military spouses have children. 
(B) The rate or prevalence of military 
spouses who are underemployed. 
(C) In connection with subparagraph (B), 
whether a military spouse would have taken 
a different position of employment if the 
military spouse were not impacted by the 
spouse who is a member of the Armed 
Forces. 
(D) The rate or prevalence of military 
spouses who, due to military affiliation, have 
experienced discrimination by civilian em-
ployers, including loss of employment, de-
nial of a promotion, and difficulty in being 
hired. 
(E) Any other barriers of entry into the 
local workforce for military spouses, includ-
ing— 
(i) state licensure requirements; 
(ii) availability of childcare; 
(iii) access to broadband; 
(iv) job availability in military commu-
nities; and 
(v) access to housing. 
(b) REPORT.—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of the enactment of this section, the 
Secretary of Defense shall submit to the con-
gressional defense committees a report con-
taining the results of the study conducted 
under this section, including any policy rec-
ommendations to address employment bar-
riers identified by the study. 
(c) DEFINITIONS.—In this section: 
(1) MILITARY SPOUSE.—The term ‘‘military 
spouse’’ means the spouse of a member of the 
Armed Forces serving on active duty. 
(2) CONGRESSIONAL DEFENSE COMMITTEES.— 
The term ‘‘congressional defense commit-
tees’’ has the meaning given that term in 
section 101(a)(16) of title 10, United States 
Code. 
SEC. 5503. AUTHORIZATION TO AWARD MEDAL OF 
HONOR TO PRIVATE FIRST CLASS 
CHARLES R. JOHNSON FOR ACTS OF 
VALOR DURING THE KOREAN WAR. 
(a) WAIVER
OF
TIME
LIMITATIONS.—Not-
withstanding the time limitations specified 
in section 7274 of title 10, United States 
Code, or any other time limitation with re-
spect to the awarding of certain medals to 
persons who served in the Armed Forces, the 
President may award the Medal of Honor 
under section 7271 of such title to Private 
First Class (PFC) Charles R. Johnson for the 
acts of valor described in subsection (b). 
(b) ACTS OF VALOR DESCRIBED.—The acts of 
valor referred to in subsection (a) are the ac-
tions of PFC Charles R. Johnson on June 11- 
12, 1953, as a member of the Army serving in 
Korea during the Korean War. 
SEC. 5504. REPORT ON STATUS OF ARMY TUITION 
ASSISTANCE 
PROGRAM 
ARMY 
IG-
NITED PROGRAM. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 60 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
the Secretary of the Army shall submit to 
the congressional defense committees a re-
port on the status of the Army IgnitED pro-
gram of the Army’s Tuition Assistance Pro-
gram. 
(b) ELEMENTS.—The report required under 
subsection (a) shall describe— 
(1) the estimated date when the Army Ig-
nitED program will be fully functional; 
(2) the estimated date when service mem-
bers will be reimbursed for out of pocket ex-
penses caused by processing delays and er-
rors under the Army IgnitED program; and 
(3) the estimated date when institutions of 
higher education will be fully reimbursed for 
all costs typically provided through the Tui-
tion Assistance Program but delayed due to 
processing delays and errors under the Army 
IgnitED program. 
SEC. 5505. AUTHORITY TO VARY NUMBER OF 
SPACE FORCE OFFICERS CONSID-
ERED FOR PROMOTION TO MAJOR 
GENERAL. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Notwithstanding section 
616(d) of title 10, United States Code, the 
number of officers recommended for pro-
motion by a selection board convened by the 
Secretary of the Air Force under section 
611(a) of title 10, United States Code, to con-
sider officers on the Space Force active duty 
list for promotion to major general may not 
exceed the number equal to 95 percent of the 
total number of brigadier generals eligible 
for consideration by the board. 
(b) TERMINATION.—The authority provided 
under subsection (a) shall terminate on De-
cember 31, 2022. 
TITLE LVII—HEALTH CARE PROVISIONS 
SEC. 5701. ASSIGNMENT OF MEDICAL AND DEN-
TAL PERSONNEL OF THE MILITARY 
DEPARTMENTS TO MILITARY MED-
ICAL TREATMENT FACILITIES. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—The Secretaries of the 
military departments shall ensure that the 
Surgeons General of the Armed Forces carry 
out 
fully 
the 
requirements 
of 
section 
712(b)(3) of the John S. McCain National De-
fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019 
(Public Law 115–232; 10 U.S.C. 1073c note) by 
not later than September 30, 2022. 
(b) ASSIGNMENTS
TO
MILITARY
MEDICAL 
TREATMENT FACILITIES.—For purposes of car-
rying out fully the requirements of section 
712(b)(3) of the John S. McCain National De-
fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019, 
as required by subsection (a), assignment of 
uniformed medical and dental personnel to a 
military medical treatment facility pursu-
ant to such section may be accomplished by 
the assignment of such personnel to an orga-
nizational unit of the military department 
concerned under a service manpower docu-
ment with allocation against a manpower re-
quirement on a Defense Health Agency man-
power document of a military medical treat-
ment facility with duty at the military med-
ical treatment facility. 
(c) ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENT FOR WALTER 
REED NATIONAL MILITARY MEDICAL CENTER.— 
(1) ASSIGNMENT OF MILITARY PERSONNEL.— 
For fiscal years 2023 through 2027, except as 
provided in paragraph (2), the Secretary of 
Defense shall ensure that the Secretaries of 
the military departments assign to the Wal-
ter Reed National Military Medical Center 
sufficient military personnel to meet not 
less than 85 percent of the joint table of dis-
tribution in effect for such facility on De-
cember 23, 2016. 
(2) EXCEPTION.—Paragraph (1) shall not 
apply to any fiscal year for which the Sec-
retary of Defense certifies at the beginning 
of such fiscal year to the Committees on 
Armed Services of the Senate and the House 
of Representatives that notwithstanding the 
failure to meet the requirement under such 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00167
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 178-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8710 
November 19, 2021 
paragraph, the Walter Reed National Mili-
tary Medical Center is fully capable of car-
rying out all significant activities as the pre-
mier medical center of the military health 
system. 
(d) REPORTS.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than September 
30, 2022, each Secretary of a military depart-
ment shall submit to the Committees on 
Armed Services of the Senate and the House 
of Representatives a report on the compli-
ance of the military department concerned 
with this section. 
(2) ELEMENTS.— 
(A) IN GENERAL.—Each report required by 
paragraph (1) shall include— 
(i) an accounting of the number of uni-
formed personnel and civilian personnel as-
signed to a military medical treatment facil-
ity as of October 1, 2019; and 
(ii) a comparable accounting as of Sep-
tember 30, 2022. 
(B) EXPLANATION.—If the number specified 
in clause (ii) of subparagraph (A) is less than 
the number specified in clause (i) of such 
subparagraph, the Secretary concerned shall 
provide a full explanation for the reduction. 
SEC. 5702. STUDY ON INCIDENCE OF BREAST 
CANCER AMONG MEMBERS OF THE 
ARMED FORCES SERVING ON AC-
TIVE DUTY. 
(a) STUDY.—The Secretary of Defense shall 
conduct a study on the incidence of breast 
cancer among members of the Armed Forces 
serving on active duty. 
(b) ELEMENTS.—The study under subsection 
(a) shall include the following: 
(1) A determination of the number of mem-
bers of the Armed Forces who served on ac-
tive duty at any time during the period be-
ginning on January 1, 2011, and ending on the 
date of the enactment of this Act who were 
diagnosed with breast cancer during such pe-
riod. 
(2) A determination of demographic infor-
mation regarding such members, including 
race, ethnicity, sex, age, military occupa-
tional specialty, and rank. 
(3) A comparison of the rates of members 
of the Armed Forces serving on active duty 
who have breast cancer to civilian popu-
lations with comparable demographic char-
acteristics. 
(4) An identification of potential factors 
associated with service in the Armed Forces 
that could increase the risk of breast cancer 
for members of the Armed Forces serving on 
active duty. 
(5) An identification of overseas locations 
associated with airborne hazards, such as 
burn pits, and members of the Armed Forces 
diagnosed with breast cancer. 
(6) An assessment of the effectiveness of 
outreach by the Department of Defense to 
members of the Armed Forces to identify 
risks of, prevent, detect, and treat breast 
cancer. 
(7) An assessment of the feasibility and ad-
visability of changing the current mammog-
raphy screening policy of the Department to 
incorporate all members of the Armed 
Forces who deployed overseas to an area as-
sociated with airborne hazards, such as burn 
pits. 
(8) An assessment of the feasibility and ad-
visability 
of 
conducting 
digital 
breast 
tomosynthesis at facilities of the Depart-
ment that provide mammography services. 
(9) Such recommendations as the Secretary 
may have for changes to policy or law that 
could improve the prevention, early detec-
tion, awareness, and treatment of breast 
cancer among members of the Armed Forces 
serving on active duty, including any addi-
tional resources needed. 
(c) REPORT.—Not later than one year after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the 
Secretary shall submit to the congressional 
defense committees a report on the findings 
and recommendations of the study under 
subsection (a), including a description of any 
further unique military research needed with 
respect to breast cancer. 
TITLE LVIII—ACQUISITION POLICY, AC-
QUISITION 
MANAGEMENT, 
AND 
RE-
LATED MATTERS 
SEC. 5801. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR THE 
ENHANCED 
TRANSFER 
OF 
TECH-
NOLOGY DEVELOPED AT DEPART-
MENT OF DEFENSE LABORATORIES. 
Section 801(e) of the National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public 
Law 113–66), as amended by section 818 of the 
National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-
cal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328), is amend-
ed by striking ‘‘2021’’ and inserting ‘‘2026’’. 
SEC. 5802. AIR FORCE STRATEGY FOR ACQUISI-
TION OF COMBAT RESCUE AIRCRAFT 
AND EQUIPMENT. 
The Secretary of the Air Force shall sub-
mit to the congressional defense committees 
a strategy for the Department of the Air 
Force for the acquisition of combat rescue 
aircraft and equipment that aligns with the 
stated capability and capacity requirements 
of the Air Force to meet the national defense 
strategy (required under section 113(g) of 
title 10, United States Code), taking into ac-
count regional strategies such as those relat-
ing to the Indo-Pacific and Arctic regions. 
SEC. 5803. UNFUNDED SMALL BUSINESS INNOVA-
TION RESEARCH PROJECTS. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 10 days 
after the date on which the budget of the 
President for a fiscal year is submitted to 
Congress pursuant to section 1105 of title 31, 
United States Code, each Secretary of a mili-
tary department and the Under Secretary of 
Defense for Research and Engineering shall 
submit to the Secretary of Defense, the 
Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, and 
the congressional defense committees a re-
port on unfunded priorities of the Depart-
ment of Defense related to high priority 
Small Business Innovation Research and 
Small 
Business 
Technology 
Transfer 
projects. 
(b) ELEMENTS.— 
(1) IN
GENERAL.—Each report under sub-
section (a) shall include identification of not 
more than five unfunded priority projects, 
with information for each project covered by 
such report, including the following informa-
tion: 
(A) A summary description of such pri-
ority, including the objectives to be achieved 
if such priority were to be funded (whether 
in whole or in part). 
(B) The additional amount of funds rec-
ommended in connection with the objectives 
identified under subparagraph (A). 
(C) Account information with respect to 
such priority, including, as applicable, the 
following: 
(i) Line item number, in the case of appli-
cable procurement accounts. 
(ii) Program element number, in the case 
of applicable research, development, test, 
and evaluation accounts. 
(iii) Sub-activity group, in the case of ap-
plicable operation and maintenance ac-
counts. 
(2) PRIORITY ORDER.—Each Secretary shall 
ensure that the unfunded priorities covered 
by a report under subsection (a) are listed in 
the order of urgency of priority, as deter-
mined by the Under Secretary. 
(c) UNFUNDED PRIORITY DEFINED.—In this 
section, the term ‘‘unfunded priority’’, with 
respect to a fiscal year, means a project re-
lated to a successful project funded under 
Phase Two of the Small Business Innovation 
Research or Small Business Technology 
Transfer program that— 
(1) is not funded in the budget of the Presi-
dent for that fiscal year, as submitted to 
Congress pursuant to section 1105 of title 31, 
United States Code; 
(2) has the potential to— 
(A) advance the national security capabili-
ties of the United States; 
(B) provide new technologies or processes, 
or new applications of existing technologies, 
that will enable new alternatives to existing 
programs; and 
(C) provide future cost savings; and 
(3) would have been recommended for fund-
ing through the budget referred to in para-
graph (1) if— 
(A) additional resources had been available 
for the budget to fund the program, activity, 
or mission requirement; or 
(B) the program, activity, or mission re-
quirement had emerged before the budget 
was formulated. 
TITLE LIX—DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE 
ORGANIZATION AND MANAGEMENT 
SEC. 5901. MODIFICATION OF POSITION OF PRIN-
CIPAL CYBER ADVISOR. 
(a) DESIGNATION OF PRINCIPAL CYBER ADVI-
SOR.—Paragraph (1) of section 932(c) of the 
National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-
cal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 10 U.S.C. 
2224 note) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(1) DESIGNATION.—(A) The Secretary shall 
designate, from among the personnel of the 
Office of the Under Secretary of Defense for 
Policy, a Principal Cyber Advisor to act as 
the principal advisor to the Secretary on 
military cyber forces and activities. 
‘‘(B) The Secretary may only designate an 
official under this paragraph if such official 
was appointed to the position in which such 
official serves by and with the advice and 
consent of the Senate.’’. 
(b) DESIGNATION
OF
DEPUTY
PRINCIPAL 
CYBER ADVISOR.—Section 905(a)(1) of the Na-
tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal 
Year 2020 (Public Law 116–92; 10 U.S.C. 391 
note) is amended by striking ‘‘Secretary of 
Defense’’ and inserting ‘‘Under Secretary of 
Defense for Policy’’. 
(c) BRIEFING.—Not later than 90 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the 
Deputy Secretary of Defense shall brief the 
Committee on Armed Services of the Senate 
and the Committee on Armed Services of the 
House of Representatives on such rec-
ommendations as the Deputy Secretary may 
have for alternate reporting structures for 
the Principal Cyber Advisor and the Deputy 
Principal Cyber Advisor within the Office of 
the Secretary of Defense. 
TITLE LX—GENERAL PROVISIONS 
Subtitle A—Miscellaneous 
SEC. 6001. REPORT ON MATERIAL READINESS OF 
VIRGINIA CLASS SUBMARINES OF 
THE NAVY. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 120 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
the Secretary of the Navy shall submit to 
the congressional defense committees a re-
port on the material readiness of the Vir-
ginia class submarines. 
(b) ELEMENTS.—The report required by sub-
section (a) shall include the following: 
(1) An assessment of the number of compo-
nents and parts that have required replace-
ment prior to the end of their estimated use-
ful life or scheduled replacement timeline, 
including efforts to increase the reliability 
of ‘‘life of ship’’ components. 
(2) An assessment of the extent to which 
part and material shortages have impacted 
deployment and maintenance availability 
schedules, including an estimate of the num-
ber of active part cannibalizations or other 
actions taken to mitigate those impacts. 
(3) An identification of the planned lead 
time to obtain key material for Virginia 
class submarines from shipbuilders and ven-
dors. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00168
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 179-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8711 
November 19, 2021 
(4) An identification of the actual lead 
time to obtain such material from ship-
builders and vendors. 
(5) An identification of the cost increases 
of key components and parts for new con-
struction and maintenance availabilities 
above planned material costs. 
(6) An assessment of potential courses of 
action to improve the material readiness of 
the Virginia class submarines, including ef-
forts to align new construction shipyards 
with maintenance shipyards and Naval Sea 
Systems Command to increase predictability 
of materials and purchasing power. 
(7) Such recommendations as the Secretary 
may have for legislative changes, authori-
ties, realignments, and administrative ac-
tions, including reforms of the Federal Ac-
quisition Regulation, to improve the mate-
rial readiness of the Virginia class sub-
marines. 
(8) Such other elements as the Secretary 
considers appropriate. 
SEC. 6002. CATAWBA INDIAN NATION LANDS. 
(a) APPLICATION OF CURRENT LAW.— 
(1) LANDS IN SOUTH CAROLINA.—Section 14 
of the Catawba Indian Tribe of South Caro-
lina Claims Settlement Act of 1993 (Public 
Law 103–116) shall only apply to gaming con-
ducted by the Catawba Indian Nation on 
lands located in South Carolina. 
(2) LANDS
IN
STATES
OTHER
THAN
SOUTH 
CAROLINA.—Gaming conducted by the Ca-
tawba Indian Nation on lands located in 
States other than South Carolina shall be 
subject to the Indian Gaming Regulatory 
Act (25 U.S.C. 2701 et seq.) and sections 1166 
through 1168 of title 18, United States Code. 
(b) REAFFIRMATION
OF
STATUS
AND
AC-
TIONS.— 
(1) RATIFICATION OF TRUST STATUS.—The ac-
tion taken by the Secretary on July 10, 2020, 
to place approximately 17 acres of land lo-
cated in Cleveland County, North Carolina, 
into trust for the benefit of the Catawba In-
dian Nation is hereby ratified and confirmed 
as if that action had been taken under a Fed-
eral law specifically authorizing or directing 
that action. 
(2) ADMINISTRATION.—The land placed into 
trust for the benefit of the Catawba Indian 
Nation by the Secretary on July 10, 2020, 
shall— 
(A) be a part of the Catawba Reservation 
and administered in accordance with the 
laws and regulations generally applicable to 
land held in trust by the United States for an 
Indian Tribe; and 
(B) be deemed to have been acquired and 
taken into trust as part of the restoration of 
lands for an Indian tribe that is restored to 
Federal recognition pursuant to section 
20(b)(1)(B)(iii) of the Indian Gaming Regu-
latory Act (25 U.S.C. 2719(b)(1)(B)(iii)). 
(3) RULES
OF
CONSTRUCTION.—Nothing in 
this section shall— 
(A) enlarge, impair, or otherwise affect any 
right or claim of the Catawba Indian Nation 
to any land or interest in land in existence 
before the date of the enactment of this Act; 
(B) affect any water right of the Catawba 
Indian Nation in existence before the date of 
the enactment of this Act; 
(C) terminate or limit any access in any 
way to any right-of-way or right-of-use 
issued, granted, or permitted before the date 
of the enactment of this Act; or 
(D) alter or diminish the right of the Ca-
tawba Indian Nation to seek to have addi-
tional land taken into trust by the United 
States for the benefit of the Catawba Indian 
Nation. 
SEC. 6003. COMPTROLLER GENERAL ASSESS-
MENT OF QUALITY AND NUTRITION 
OF FOOD AVAILABLE AT MILITARY 
INSTALLATIONS FOR MEMBERS OF 
THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) ASSESSMENT.—The Comptroller General 
of the United States shall conduct an assess-
ment of the quality and nutrition of food 
available at military installations for mem-
bers of the Armed Forces. 
(b) ELEMENTS.—The assessment required 
by subsection (a) shall include the following: 
(1) A description of the extent to which 
data is being collected on the nutritional 
food options available at military installa-
tions for members of the Armed Forces, in-
cluding the fat, sodium, and fiber content of 
hot line foods. 
(2) An assessment of the extent to which 
the Department of Defense has evaluated 
whether the nutritional food options de-
scribed in paragraph (1) meet or exceed the 
daily nutrition standards for adults set forth 
by the Department of Agriculture. 
(3) A description of how the Secretary inte-
grates 
and 
coordinates 
nutrition 
rec-
ommendations, policies, and pertinent infor-
mation through the Interagency Committee 
on Human Nutrition Research. 
(4) A description of how the Secretary 
gathers input on the quality of food service 
options provided to members of the Armed 
Forces. 
(5) An assessment of how the Department 
of Defense tracks the attitudes and percep-
tions of members of the Armed Forces on the 
quality of food service operations at military 
installations in terms of availability during 
irregular hours, accessibility, portion, price, 
and quality. 
(6) An assessment of access by members of 
the Armed Forces to high-quality food op-
tions on military installations, such as 
availability of food outside typical meal 
times or options for members not located in 
close proximity to dining facilities at a mili-
tary installation. 
(7) Such recommendations as the Comp-
troller General may have to address any 
findings related to the quality and avail-
ability of food options provided to members 
of the Armed Forces by the Department of 
Defense. 
(c) BRIEFING AND REPORT.— 
(1) BRIEFING.—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the 
Comptroller General shall brief the Commit-
tees on Armed Services of the Senate and the 
House of Representatives on the status of 
the assessment conducted under subsection 
(a). 
(2) REPORT.—Not later than one year after 
the briefing under paragraph (1), the Comp-
troller General shall submit to the Commit-
tees on Armed Services of the Senate and the 
House of Representatives a report on the as-
sessment conducted under subsection (a). 
SEC. 6004. MODIFICATION OF DEPARTMENT OF 
DEFENSE THRESHOLD FOR THE DIS-
INTERMENT OF UNIDENTIFIED RE-
MAINS. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of 
Defense shall amend section 4.1a.(1) of De-
partment of Defense Instruction (DoDI) 
1300.29, dated June 28, 2021, or any successor 
regulation, to provide that the threshold for 
disinterring commingled remains interred as 
group remains unknown is individual identi-
fication of 50 percent of the service members 
associated with the group. 
SEC. 6005. REPORT ON IMPACT OF OPERATION 
ALLIES 
WELCOME 
ON 
THE 
NA-
TIONAL GUARD. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the Secretary of De-
fense shall submit to Congress a report on 
the impacts of the Afghan resettlement mis-
sion, Operation Allies Welcome, on the Na-
tional Guard. The report shall assess— 
(1) the impacts of the mission on readiness, 
training, maintenance and equipment, and 
the ability of the National Guard to support 
duties under title 10 and title 32, United 
States Code; 
(2) costs incurred by the National Guard in 
support of the mission; and 
(3) and any other matters the Secretary of 
Defense considers appropriate. 
SEC. 6006. NATIONAL CYBER EXERCISE PRO-
GRAM. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Subtitle A of title XXII of 
the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 
651 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end 
the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 2220A. NATIONAL CYBER EXERCISE PRO-
GRAM. 
‘‘(a) ESTABLISHMENT OF PROGRAM.— 
‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—There is established in 
the Agency the National Cyber Exercise Pro-
gram (referred to in this section as the ‘Ex-
ercise Program’) to evaluate the National 
Cyber Incident Response Plan, and other re-
lated plans and strategies. 
‘‘(2) REQUIREMENTS.— 
‘‘(A) IN
GENERAL.—The Exercise Program 
shall be— 
‘‘(i) based on current risk assessments, in-
cluding credible threats, vulnerabilities, and 
consequences; 
‘‘(ii) designed, to the extent practicable, to 
simulate the partial or complete incapacita-
tion of a government or critical infrastruc-
ture network resulting from a cyber inci-
dent; 
‘‘(iii) designed to provide for the system-
atic evaluation of cyber readiness and en-
hance operational understanding of the 
cyber incident response system and relevant 
information sharing agreements; and 
‘‘(iv) designed to promptly develop after- 
action reports and plans that can quickly in-
corporate lessons learned into future oper-
ations. 
‘‘(B) MODEL EXERCISE SELECTION.—The Ex-
ercise Program shall— 
‘‘(i) include a selection of model exercises 
that government and private entities can 
readily adapt for use; and 
‘‘(ii) aid such governments and private en-
tities with the design, implementation, and 
evaluation of exercises that— 
‘‘(I) conform to the requirements described 
in subparagraph (A); 
‘‘(II) are consistent with any applicable na-
tional, State, local, or Tribal strategy or 
plan; and 
‘‘(III) provide for systematic evaluation of 
readiness. 
‘‘(3) CONSULTATION.—In carrying out the 
Exercise Program, the Director may consult 
with appropriate representatives from Sec-
tor Risk Management Agencies, the Office of 
the National Cyber Director, cybersecurity 
research stakeholders, and Sector Coordi-
nating Councils. 
‘‘(b) DEFINITIONS.—In this section: 
‘‘(1) STATE.—The term ‘State’ means any 
State of the United States, the District of 
Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto 
Rico, the Northern Mariana Islands, the 
United States Virgin Islands, Guam, Amer-
ican Samoa, and any other territory or pos-
session of the United States. 
‘‘(2) PRIVATE
ENTITY.—The term ‘private 
entity’ has the meaning given such term in 
section 102 of the Cybersecurity Information 
Sharing Act of 2015 (6 U.S.C. 1501). 
‘‘(c) RULE
OF CONSTRUCTION.—Nothing in 
this section shall be construed to affect the 
authority or responsibilities of the Adminis-
trator of the Federal Emergency Manage-
ment Agency pursuant to section 648 of the 
Post-Katrina Emergency Management Re-
form Act of 2006 (6 U.S.C. 748).’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00169
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 180-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8712 
November 19, 2021 
(b) CLERICAL
AMENDMENT.—The table of 
contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-
curity Act of 2002 is amended by inserting 
after the item relating to section 2217 the 
following: 
‘‘Sec. 2220A. National Cyber Exercise Pro-
gram.’’. 
SEC. 6007. REPORT ON THE DEMILITARIZATION 
ABROAD OF UNSERVICEABLE MUNI-
TIONS 
LOCATED 
OUTSIDE 
THE 
UNITED STATES. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 180 days 
after the enactment of this Act, the Sec-
retary of Defense shall submit to Congress a 
report setting forth an assessment of the fea-
sibility and advisability of demilitarizing 
abroad unserviceable munitions that are lo-
cated outside the United States in order to 
avoid the costs of transporting such muni-
tions to the United States for demilitariza-
tion. 
(b) 
CONSIDERATIONS.—In 
preparing 
the 
evaluation required for the report, the Sec-
retary shall take into account the following: 
(1) The need for mitigation of adverse envi-
ronmental impacts, or impacts to the health 
and safety of local populations, in the de-
militarization of unserviceable munitions. 
(2) The availability and ease of use of mu-
nitions demilitarization technologies and 
mechanisms abroad, whether or not cur-
rently in use by the Army, including avail-
able non-incineration technologies. 
(3) Any costs savings achievable through 
demilitarization of unserviceable munitions 
abroad. 
(c) TECHNOLOGIES.—If the Secretary deter-
mines for purposes of the report that the de-
militarization abroad of unserviceable muni-
tions located outside the United States is 
feasible and advisable, the report shall in-
clude a description and assessment of var-
ious technologies and other mechanisms that 
would be suitable for such demilitarization. 
SEC. 6008. ELIGIBILITY OF CERTAIN INDIVIDUALS 
WHO SERVED WITH SPECIAL GUER-
RILLA 
UNITS 
OR 
IRREGULAR 
FORCES IN LAOS FOR INTERMENT IN 
NATIONAL CEMETERIES. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Section 2402(a)(10) of title 
38, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by striking the period at the end and in-
serting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
subparagraph: 
‘‘(B) who— 
‘‘(i) the Secretary determines served hon-
orably with a special guerrilla unit or irreg-
ular forces operating from a base in Laos in 
support of the Armed Forces at any time 
during the period beginning on February 28, 
1961, and ending on May 7, 1975; and 
‘‘(ii) at the time of the individual’s death— 
‘‘(I) was a citizen of the United States or 
an alien lawfully admitted for permanent 
residence in the United States; and 
‘‘(II) resided in the United States.’’. 
(b) EFFECTIVE
DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall have effect as if 
included in the enactment of section 251(a) of 
title II of the Military Construction, Vet-
erans Affairs, and Related Agencies Appro-
priations Act, 2018 (division J of Public Law 
115–141; 132 Stat. 824). 
SEC. 6009. REQUIREMENT TO POST A 100 WORD 
SUMMARY TO REGULATIONS.GOV. 
Section 553(b) of title 5, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(2) in paragraph (3), by striking the period 
at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(4) the Internet address of a summary of 
not more than 100 words in length of the pro-
posed rule, in plain language, that shall be 
posted on the Internet website under section 
206(d) of the E-Government Act of 2002 (44 
U.S.C. 3501 note) (commonly known as regu-
lations.gov).’’. 
SEC. 6010. COMMISSION ON PLANNING, PRO-
GRAMMING, BUDGETING, AND EXE-
CUTION 
REFORM 
RECOMMENDA-
TIONS AND REPORT. 
In section 853(g)(1) of this division— 
(1) subparagraphs (F), (G), and (H) are 
deemed to be redesignated subparagraphs 
(G), (H), and (I), respectively; and 
(2) there is deemed to be included the fol-
lowing new subparagraph (F): 
‘‘(F) A review of the financial management 
systems of the Department of Defense, in-
cluding policies, procedures, and past and 
planned investments, and recommendations 
related to replacing, modifying, and improv-
ing such systems to ensure that the financial 
management systems and related processes 
of the Department ensure effective internal 
control and the ability to achieve auditable 
financial statements and meet other finan-
cial management and operational needs.’’. 
SEC. 6011. BRIEFING ASSESSING THE FEASI-
BILITY OF DELAYING DELIVERY OF 
BUDGET DETAILS FOR A CERTAIN 
SUBSET OF DEPARTMENT OF DE-
FENSE BUDGET. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than June 1, 
2022, the Deputy Secretary of Defense shall 
deliver a briefing to the congressional de-
fense committees regarding the feasibility of 
establishing a $50,000,000 to $150,000,000 line 
item in the Department of Defense budget 
for which programmatic and budgetary de-
tails would be delivered one to five months 
after the delivery of the president’s annual 
budget to Congress. 
(b) ELEMENTS.—The briefing required under 
subsection (a) should include— 
(1) an assessment of potential changes 
needed to the Program Objective Memo-
randum (POM) process to implement the ap-
proach described in such subsection; 
(2) recommended changes or improvements 
to the POM process needed to enable addi-
tional congressional oversight of such an ap-
proach; and 
(3) a survey of projects that might have 
been included in the President’s budget ear-
lier than they otherwise were as a result of 
such an approach. 
SEC. 6012. UNITED STATES-ISRAEL CYBERSECU-
RITY COOPERATION ENHANCEMENT. 
(a) SHORT
TITLE.—This section may be 
cited as the ‘‘United States-Israel Cybersecu-
rity Cooperation Enhancement Act of 2021’’. 
(b) DEFINITIONS.—In this section— 
(1) the term ‘‘cybersecurity research’’ 
means research, including social science re-
search, 
into 
ways 
to 
identify, 
protect 
against, detect, respond to, and recover from 
cybersecurity threats; 
(2) the term ‘‘cybersecurity technology’’ 
means technology intended to identify, pro-
tect against, detect, respond to, and recover 
from cybersecurity threats; 
(3) the term ‘‘cybersecurity threat’’ has 
the meaning given the term in section 102 of 
the Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act 
of 2015 (6 U.S.C. 1501); 
(4) the term ‘‘Department’’ means the De-
partment of Homeland Security; 
(5) the term ‘‘National Laboratory’’ has 
the meaning given the term in section 2 of 
the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 
15801); and 
(6) the term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Sec-
retary of Homeland Security. 
(c) GRANT PROGRAM.— 
(1) ESTABLISHMENT.—The Secretary, in ac-
cordance with the agreement entitled the 
‘‘Agreement between the Government of the 
United States of America and the Govern-
ment of the State of Israel on Cooperation in 
Science and Technology for Homeland Secu-
rity Matters’’, dated May 29, 2008 (or suc-
cessor agreement), and the requirements 
specified in paragraph (2), shall establish a 
grant program at the Department to sup-
port— 
(A) cybersecurity research and develop-
ment; and 
(B) demonstration and commercialization 
of cybersecurity technology. 
(2) REQUIREMENTS.— 
(A) APPLICABILITY.—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, in carrying out a re-
search, development, demonstration, or com-
mercial application program or activity that 
is authorized under this section, the Sec-
retary shall require cost sharing in accord-
ance with this paragraph. 
(B) RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT.— 
(i) IN
GENERAL.—Except as provided in 
clause (ii), the Secretary shall require not 
less than 50 percent of the cost of a research, 
development, demonstration, or commercial 
application program or activity described in 
subparagraph (A) to be provided by a non- 
Federal source. 
(ii) REDUCTION.—The Secretary may reduce 
or eliminate, on a case-by-case basis, the 
percentage requirement specified in clause 
(i) if the Secretary determines that the re-
duction or elimination is necessary and ap-
propriate. 
(C) MERIT REVIEW.—In carrying out a re-
search, development, demonstration, or com-
mercial application program or activity that 
is authorized under this section, awards shall 
be made only after an impartial review of 
the scientific and technical merit of the pro-
posals for the awards has been carried out by 
or for the Department. 
(D) REVIEW PROCESSES.—In carrying out a 
review under subparagraph (C), the Sec-
retary may use merit review processes devel-
oped under section 302(14) of the Homeland 
Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 182(14)). 
(3) ELIGIBLE
APPLICANTS.—An applicant 
shall be eligible to receive a grant under this 
subsection if— 
(A) the project of the applicant— 
(i) addresses a requirement in the area of 
cybersecurity 
research 
or 
cybersecurity 
technology, as determined by the Secretary; 
and 
(ii) is a joint venture between— 
(I)(aa) a for-profit business entity, aca-
demic institution, National Laboratory, or 
nonprofit entity in the United States; and 
(bb) a for-profit business entity, academic 
institution, or nonprofit entity in Israel; or 
(II)(aa) the Federal Government; and 
(bb) the Government of Israel; and 
(B) neither the applicant nor the project of 
the applicant pose a counterintelligence 
threat, as determined by the Director of Na-
tional Intelligence. 
(4) APPLICATIONS.—To be eligible to receive 
a grant under this subsection, an applicant 
shall submit to the Secretary an application 
for the grant in accordance with procedures 
established by the Secretary, in consultation 
with the advisory board established under 
paragraph (5). 
(5) ADVISORY BOARD.— 
(A) ESTABLISHMENT.—The Secretary shall 
establish an advisory board to— 
(i) monitor the method by which grants are 
awarded under this subsection; and 
(ii) provide to the Secretary periodic per-
formance reviews of actions taken to carry 
out this subsection. 
(B) COMPOSITION.—The advisory board es-
tablished under subparagraph (A) shall be 
composed of 3 members, to be appointed by 
the Secretary, of whom— 
(i) 1 shall be a representative of the Fed-
eral Government; 
(ii) 1 shall be selected from a list of nomi-
nees provided by the United States-Israel Bi-
national Science Foundation; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00170
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 181-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8713 
November 19, 2021 
(iii) 1 shall be selected from a list of nomi-
nees provided by the United States-Israel Bi-
national Industrial Research and Develop-
ment Foundation. 
(6) CONTRIBUTED
FUNDS.—Notwithstanding 
any other provision of law— 
(A) the Secretary may accept or retain 
funds contributed by any person, govern-
ment entity, or organization for purposes of 
carrying out this subsection; and 
(B) the funds described in subparagraph (A) 
shall be available, subject to appropriation, 
without fiscal year limitation. 
(7) REPORTS.— 
(A) GRANT RECIPIENTS.—Not later than 180 
days after the date of completion of a project 
for which a grant is provided under this sub-
section, the grant recipient shall submit to 
the Secretary a report that contains— 
(i) a description of how the grant funds 
were used by the recipient; and 
(ii) an evaluation of the level of success of 
each project funded by the grant. 
(B) SECRETARY.—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of enactment of this Act, and 
annually thereafter until the grant program 
established under this section terminates, 
the Secretary shall submit to the Committee 
on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-
fairs of the Senate and the Committee on 
Homeland Security of the House of Rep-
resentatives a report on the grants awarded 
and projects completed under the program. 
(8) CLASSIFICATION.—Grants shall be award-
ed under this subsection only for projects 
that are considered to be unclassified by 
both the United States and Israel. 
(d) AUTHORIZATION
OF
APPROPRIATIONS.— 
There is authorized to be appropriated to 
carry out this section not less than $6,000,000 
for each of fiscal years 2022 through 2026. 
SEC. 6013. UNITED STATES GRAND STRATEGY 
WITH RESPECT TO CHINA. 
(a) FINDINGS; SENSE OF CONGRESS.— 
(1) FINDINGS.—Congress finds the following: 
(A) The United States is in a new era of 
geostrategic and geoeconomic competition 
with the People’s Republic of China, a great 
power that seeks to challenge international 
norms, laws and institutions, and confront 
the United States across diplomatic, eco-
nomic, military, technological, and informa-
tional domains. 
(B) As it has during previous periods of 
great power competition, the United States 
must articulate and refine its grand strat-
egy, including through rigorous testing of 
assumptions and by drawing on expertise 
outside the United States Government, to 
ensure its ultimate success, as well as global 
peace, stability, and shared prosperity. 
(C) Historically, presidents of the United 
States have used different models for grand 
strategy development, including the fol-
lowing efforts: 
(i) In January 1950, President Truman re-
quested an in-depth report on the state of 
the world, actions taken by adversaries of 
the United States, and the development of a 
comprehensive national strategy, resulting 
in a paper entitled ‘‘United States Objectives 
and Programs for National Security’’, also 
known as NSC-68. 
(ii) President Eisenhower utilized experts 
from both within and outside the United 
States Government during Project Solarium 
to produce NSC 162/2, a ‘‘Statement of Policy 
by the National Security Council on Basic 
National Security Policy’’ in order to ‘‘meet 
the Soviet Threat to U.S. security’’ and 
guide United States national security policy. 
(iii) President Ford authorized the Team B 
project to draw in experts from outside the 
United States Government to question and 
strengthen the analysis of the Central Intel-
ligence Agency. 
(iv) President Reagan approved the Na-
tional Security Decision Directive Number 
75 in January 1983 to organize United States 
strategy toward the Soviet Union in order to 
clarify and orient United States policies to-
ward specific objectives vis a vis the Soviet 
Union. 
(2) SENSE OF CONGRESS.—It is the sense of 
Congress that the United States should draw 
upon previous successful models of grand 
strategy to articulate a strategy that appro-
priately addresses the evolving challenges 
and contours of the new era of geostrategic 
and geoeconomic competition with the Peo-
ple’s Republic of China. 
(b) UNITED STATES GRAND STRATEGY WITH 
RESPECT TO CHINA.— 
(1) IN
GENERAL.—Not later than 30 days 
after the date on which the President first 
submits to Congress a national security 
strategy under section 108 of the National 
Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3043) after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, the Presi-
dent shall commence developing a com-
prehensive report that articulates the strat-
egy of the United States with respect to the 
People’s Republic of China (in this section 
referred to as the ‘‘China Strategy’’) that 
builds on the work of such national security 
strategy. 
(2) SUBMITTAL.—Not later than 270 days 
after the date on which the President first 
submits to Congress a national security 
strategy under section 108 of the National 
Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3043) after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, the Presi-
dent shall submit to Congress the China 
Strategy developed under paragraph (1). 
(3) FORM.—The China Strategy shall be 
submitted in classified form and shall in-
clude an unclassified summary. 
(c) CONTENTS.—The China Strategy devel-
oped under subsection (b) shall set forth the 
national security strategy of the United 
States with respect to the People’s Republic 
of China and shall include a comprehensive 
description and discussion of the following: 
(1) The strategy of the People’s Republic of 
China regarding the military, economic, and 
political power of China in the Indo-Pacific 
region and worldwide, including why the 
People’s Republic of China has decided on 
such strategy and what the strategy means 
for the long-term interests, values, goals, 
and objectives of the United States. 
(2) The worldwide interests, values, goals, 
and objectives of the United States as they 
relate to geostrategic and geoeconomic com-
petition with the People’s Republic of China. 
(3) The foreign and economic policy, world-
wide commitments, and national defense ca-
pabilities of the United States necessary to 
deter aggression and to implement the na-
tional security strategy of the United States 
as they relate to the new era of competition 
with the People’s Republic of China. 
(4) How the United States will exercise the 
political, economic, military, diplomatic, 
and other elements of its national power to 
protect or advance its interests and values 
and achieve the goals and objectives referred 
to in paragraph (1). 
(5) The adequacy of the capabilities of the 
United States Government to carry out the 
national security strategy of the United 
States within the context of new and emer-
gent challenges to the international order 
posed by the People’s Republic of China, in-
cluding an evaluation— 
(A) of the balance among the capabilities 
of all elements of national power of the 
United States; and 
(B) the balance of all United States ele-
ments of national power in comparison to 
equivalent elements of national power of the 
People’s Republic of China. 
(6) The assumptions and end-state or end- 
states of the strategy of the United States 
globally and in the Indo-Pacific region with 
respect to the People’s Republic of China. 
(7) Such other information as the Presi-
dent considers necessary to help inform Con-
gress on matters relating to the national se-
curity strategy of the United States with re-
spect to the People’s Republic of China. 
(d) ADVISORY
BOARD
ON
UNITED
STATES 
GRAND STRATEGY WITH RESPECT TO CHINA.— 
(1) ESTABLISHMENT.—There is hereby estab-
lished in the executive branch a commission 
to be known as the ‘‘Advisory Board on 
United States Grand Strategy with respect 
to China’’ (in this section referred to as the 
‘‘Board’’). 
(2) PURPOSE.—The purpose of the Board is 
to convene outside experts to advise the 
President on development of the China 
Strategy. 
(3) DUTIES.— 
(A) REVIEW.—The Board shall review the 
current national security strategy of the 
United States with respect to the People’s 
Republic of China, including assumptions, 
capabilities, strategy, and end-state or end- 
states. 
(B) ASSESSMENT
AND
RECOMMENDATIONS.— 
The Board shall analyze the United States 
national security strategy with respect to 
the People’s Republic of China, including 
challenging its assumptions and approach, 
and make recommendations to the President 
for the China Strategy. 
(C) CLASSIFIED BRIEFING.—Not later than 30 
days after the date on which the President 
submits the China Strategy to Congress 
under subsection (b)(2), the Board shall pro-
vide to Congress a classified briefing on its 
review, assessment, and recommendations. 
(4) COMPOSITION.— 
(A) RECOMMENDATIONS.—Not later than 30 
days after the date on which the President 
first submits to Congress a national security 
strategy under section 108 of the National 
Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3043) after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, the major-
ity leader of the Senate, the minority leader 
of the Senate, the Speaker of the House of 
Representatives, and the minority leader of 
the House of Representatives shall each pro-
vide to the President a list of at not fewer 
than 10 candidates for membership on the 
Board, at least 5 of whom shall be individ-
uals in the private sector and 5 of whom 
shall be individuals in academia or employed 
by a nonprofit research institution. 
(B) MEMBERSHIP.—The Board shall be com-
posed of 9 members appointed by the Presi-
dent as follows: 
(i) The National Security Advisor or such 
other designee as the President considers ap-
propriate, such as the Asia Coordinator from 
the National Security Council. 
(ii) Four shall be selected from among indi-
viduals in the private sector. 
(iii) Four shall be selected from among in-
dividuals in academia or employed by a non-
profit research institution. 
(iv) Two members should be selected from 
among individuals included in the list sub-
mitted by the majority leader of the Senate 
under subparagraph (A), of whom— 
(I) one should be selected from among indi-
viduals in the private sector; and 
(II) one should be selected from among in-
dividuals in academia or employed by a non-
profit research institution. 
(v) Two members should be selected from 
among individuals included in the list sub-
mitted by the minority leader of the Senate 
under subparagraph (A), of whom— 
(I) one should be selected from among indi-
viduals in the private sector; and 
(II) one should be selected from among in-
dividuals in academia or employed by a non-
profit research institution. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00171
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 182-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8714 
November 19, 2021 
(vi) Two members should be selected from 
among individuals included in the list sub-
mitted by the Speaker of the House of Rep-
resentatives under subparagraph (A), or 
whom— 
(I) one should be selected from among indi-
viduals in the private sector; and 
(II) one should be selected from among in-
dividuals in academia or employed by a non-
profit research institution. 
(vii) Two members should be selected from 
among individuals included in the list sub-
mitted by the minority leader of the House 
of Representatives under subparagraph (A), 
of whom— 
(I) one should be selected from among indi-
viduals in the private sector; and 
(II) one should be selected from among in-
dividuals in academia or employed by a non-
profit research institution. 
(C) CHAIRPERSON.—The Chairperson of the 
Board shall be the member of the Board ap-
pointed under subparagraph (B)(i). 
(D) NONGOVERNMENTAL MEMBERSHIP; PERIOD 
OF APPOINTMENT; VACANCIES.— 
(i) NONGOVERNMENTAL
MEMBERSHIP.—Ex-
cept in the case of the Chairperson of the 
Board, an individual appointed to the Board 
may not be an officer or employee of an in-
strumentality of government. 
(ii) 
PERIOD
OF
APPOINTMENT.—Members 
shall be appointed for the life of the Board. 
(iii) VACANCIES.—Any vacancy in the Board 
shall be filled in the same manner as the 
original appointment. 
(5) DEADLINE FOR APPOINTMENT.—Not later 
than 60 days after the date on which the 
President first submits to Congress a na-
tional security strategy under section 108 of 
the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 
3043) after the date of the enactment of this 
Act, the President shall— 
(A) appoint the members of the Board pur-
suant to paragraph (4); and 
(B) submit to Congress a list of the mem-
bers so appointed. 
(6) EXPERTS AND CONSULTANTS.—The Board 
is authorized to procure temporary and 
intermittent services under section 3109 of 
title 5, United States Code, but at rates for 
individuals not to exceed the daily equiva-
lent of the maximum annual rate of basic 
pay under level IV of the Executive Schedule 
under section 5315 of title 5, United States 
Code. 
(7) SECURITY CLEARANCES.—The appropriate 
Federal departments or agencies shall co-
operate with the Board in expeditiously pro-
viding to the Board members and experts and 
consultants appropriate security clearances 
to the extent possible pursuant to existing 
procedures and requirements, except that no 
person may be provided with access to classi-
fied information under this Act without the 
appropriate security clearances. 
(8) RECEIPT, HANDLING, STORAGE, AND DIS-
SEMINATION.—Information shall only be re-
ceived, handled, stored, and disseminated by 
members of the Board and any experts and 
consultants consistent with all applicable 
statutes, regulations, and Executive orders. 
(9) NONAPPLICABILITY OF CERTAIN REQUIRE-
MENTS.—The Federal Advisory Committee 
Act (5 U.S.C. App.) and section 552b of title 5, 
United States Code (commonly known as the 
‘‘Government in the Sunshine Act’’), shall 
not apply to the Board. 
(10) UNCOMPENSATED
SERVICE.—A member 
of the Board who is not an officer or em-
ployee of the Federal Government shall serve 
without compensation. 
(11) COOPERATION
FROM
GOVERNMENT.—In 
carrying out its duties, the Board shall re-
ceive the full and timely cooperation of the 
heads of relevant Federal departments and 
agencies in providing the Board with anal-
ysis, briefings, and other information nec-
essary for the fulfillment of its responsibil-
ities. 
(12) TERMINATION.—The Board shall termi-
nate on the date that is 60 days after the 
date on which the President submits the 
China Strategy to Congress under subsection 
(b)(2). 
SEC. 6014. NATIONAL GLOBAL WAR ON TER-
RORISM MEMORIAL. 
(a) SITE.—Notwithstanding section 8908(c) 
of title 40, United States Code, the National 
Global War on Terrorism Memorial author-
ized by section 2(a) of the Global War on Ter-
rorism War Memorial Act (40 U.S.C. 8903 
note; Public Law 115–51; 131 Stat. 1003) (re-
ferred to in this section as the ‘‘Memorial’’) 
shall be located within the Reserve (as de-
fined in section 8902(a) of title 40, United 
States Code). 
(b) 
APPLICABILITY
OF
COMMEMORATIVE 
WORKS
ACT.—Except as provided in sub-
section (a), chapter 89 of title 40, United 
States Code (commonly known as the ‘‘Com-
memorative Works Act’’), shall apply to the 
Memorial. 
Subtitle B—Combating Synthetic Drugs 
SEC. 6021. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Fight-
ing Emerging Narcotics Through Additional 
Nations to Yield Lasting Results Act’’ or the 
‘‘FENTANYL Results Act’’. 
SEC. 6022. PRIORITIZATION OF EFFORTS OF THE 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE TO COMBAT 
INTERNATIONAL 
TRAFFICKING 
IN 
COVERED SYNTHETIC DRUGS. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of State 
shall prioritize efforts of the Department of 
State to combat international trafficking of 
covered synthetic drugs by carrying out pro-
grams and activities to include the fol-
lowing: 
(1) Supporting increased data collection by 
the United States and foreign countries 
through increased drug use surveys among 
populations, increased use of wastewater 
testing where appropriate, and multilateral 
sharing of that data. 
(2) Engaging in increased consultation and 
partnership with international drug agen-
cies, including the European Monitoring 
Centre for Drugs and Drug Addiction, regu-
latory agencies in foreign countries, and the 
United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime. 
(3) Carrying out programs to provide tech-
nical assistance and equipment, as appro-
priate, to strengthen the capacity of foreign 
law enforcement agencies with respect to 
covered synthetic drugs, as required by sec-
tion 6023. 
(4) Carrying out exchange programs for 
governmental 
and 
nongovernmental 
per-
sonnel in the United States and in foreign 
countries to provide educational and profes-
sional development on demand reduction 
matters relating to the illicit use of covered 
synthetic drugs and other drugs, as required 
by section 6024. 
(b) REPORT.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than one year 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
the Secretary of State shall submit to the 
appropriate congressional committees a re-
port on the implementation of this section. 
(2) APPROPRIATE
CONGRESSIONAL
COMMIT-
TEES DEFINED.—In this subsection, the term 
‘‘appropriate 
congressional 
committees’’ 
means— 
(A) the Committee on Foreign Relations 
and the Committee on Appropriations of the 
Senate; and 
(B) the Committee on Foreign Affairs and 
the Committee on Appropriations of the 
House of Representatives. 
SEC. 6023. PROGRAM TO PROVIDE ASSISTANCE 
TO BUILD THE CAPACITY OF FOR-
EIGN LAW ENFORCEMENT AGENCIES 
WITH RESPECT TO COVERED SYN-
THETIC DRUGS. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Notwithstanding section 
660 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 
U.S.C. 2420), the Secretary of State shall es-
tablish a program to provide assistance to 
strengthen the capacity of law enforcement 
agencies of the countries described in sub-
section (c) to help such agencies to identify, 
track, and improve their forensics detection 
capabilities with respect to covered syn-
thetic drugs. 
(b) PRIORITY.—The Secretary of State shall 
prioritize technical assistance, and the pro-
vision of equipment, as appropriate, under 
subsection (a) among those countries de-
scribed in subsection (c) in which such as-
sistance and equipment would have the most 
impact in reducing illicit use of covered syn-
thetic drugs in the United States. 
(c) 
COUNTRIES
DESCRIBED.—The 
foreign 
countries described in this subsection are— 
(1) countries that are producers of covered 
synthetic drugs; 
(2) countries whose pharmaceutical and 
chemical industries are known to be ex-
ploited for development or procurement of 
precursors of covered synthetic drugs; or 
(3) major drug-transit countries for cov-
ered synthetic drugs as defined by the Sec-
retary of State. 
(d) AUTHORIZATION
OF
APPROPRIATIONS.— 
There is authorized to be appropriated to the 
Secretary of State to carry out this section 
$4,000,000 for each of the fiscal years 2022 
through 2026. Such amounts shall be in addi-
tion to amounts otherwise available for such 
purposes. 
SEC. 6024. EXCHANGE PROGRAM ON DEMAND RE-
DUCTION MATTERS RELATING TO IL-
LICIT USE OF COVERED SYNTHETIC 
DRUGS. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of State 
shall establish or continue and strengthen, 
as appropriate, an exchange program for gov-
ernmental and nongovernmental personnel 
in the United States and in foreign countries 
to provide educational and professional de-
velopment on demand reduction matters re-
lating to the illicit use of covered synthetic 
drugs and other drugs. 
(b) PROGRAM REQUIREMENTS.—The program 
required by subsection (a)— 
(1) shall be limited to individuals who have 
expertise and experience in matters de-
scribed in subsection (a); 
(2) in the case of inbound exchanges, may 
be carried out as part of exchange programs 
and international visitor programs adminis-
tered by the Bureau of Educational and Cul-
tural Affairs of the Department of State, in-
cluding the International Visitor Leadership 
Program, in coordination with the Bureau of 
International Narcotics and Law Enforce-
ment Affairs; and 
(3) shall include outbound exchanges for 
governmental or nongovernmental personnel 
in the United States. 
(c) AUTHORIZATION
OF
APPROPRIATIONS.— 
There is authorized to be appropriated to the 
Secretary of State to carry out this section 
$1,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2022 through 
2026. Such amounts shall be in addition to 
amounts otherwise available for such pur-
poses. 
SEC. 6025. AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL 
NARCOTICS CONTROL PROGRAM. 
(a) 
INTERNATIONAL
NARCOTICS
CONTROL 
STRATEGY
REPORT.—Section 489(a) of the 
Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 
2291h(a)) is amended by inserting after para-
graph (9) the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(10) COVERED SYNTHETIC DRUGS AND NEW 
PSYCHOACTIVE SUBSTANCES.— 
‘‘(A) COVERED SYNTHETIC DRUGS.—Informa-
tion that contains an assessment of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00172
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 183-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8715 
November 19, 2021 
countries significantly involved in the man-
ufacture, production, transshipment, or traf-
ficking of covered synthetic drugs, to in-
clude the following: 
‘‘(i) The scale of legal domestic production 
and any available information on the num-
ber of manufacturers and producers of such 
drugs in such countries. 
‘‘(ii) Information on any law enforcement 
assessments of the scale of illegal production 
of such drugs, including a description of the 
capacity of illegal laboratories to produce 
such drugs. 
‘‘(iii) The types of inputs used and a de-
scription of the primary methods of syn-
thesis employed by illegal producers of such 
drugs. 
‘‘(iv) An assessment of the policies of such 
countries to regulate licit manufacture and 
interdict illicit manufacture, diversion, dis-
tribution, shipment, and trafficking of such 
drugs and an assessment of the effectiveness 
of the policies’ implementation. 
‘‘(B) NEW
PSYCHOACTIVE
SUBSTANCES.—In-
formation on, to the extent practicable, any 
policies of responding to new psychoactive 
substances, to include the following: 
‘‘(i) Which governments have articulated 
policies on scheduling of such substances. 
‘‘(ii) Any data on impacts of such policies 
and other responses to such substances. 
‘‘(iii) An assessment of any policies the 
United States could adopt to improve its re-
sponse to new psychoactive substances. 
‘‘(C) DEFINITIONS.—In this paragraph, the 
terms ‘covered synthetic drug’ and ‘new 
psychoactive substance’ have the meaning 
given those terms in section 6027 of the 
FENTANYL Results Act.’’. 
(b) DEFINITION OF MAJOR ILLICIT DRUG PRO-
DUCING COUNTRY.—Section 481(e) of the For-
eign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2291(e)) 
is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (2)— 
(A) by striking ‘‘means a country in 
which—’’ 
and 
inserting 
the 
following: 
‘‘means— 
‘‘(A) a country in which—’’; 
(B) by redesignating subparagraphs (A), 
(B), and (C) as clauses (i), (ii), and (iii), re-
spectively, and moving such clauses, as so 
redesignated, two ems to the right; 
(C) in subparagraph (A)(iii), as redesig-
nated by this paragraph, by striking the 
semicolon at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; 
and 
(D) by adding at the end the following new 
subparagraph: 
‘‘(B) a country which is a significant direct 
source of covered synthetic drugs or psycho-
tropic drugs or other controlled substances 
significantly affecting the United States;’’; 
(2) by amending paragraph (5) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(5) the term ‘major drug-transit country’ 
means a country through which are trans-
ported covered synthetic drugs or psycho-
tropic drugs or other controlled substances 
significantly affecting the United States;’’; 
(3) in paragraph (8), by striking the period 
at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(4) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(9) the term ‘covered synthetic drug’ has 
the meaning given that term in section 6027 
of the FENTANYL Results Act.’’. 
SEC. 6026. SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
It is the sense of Congress that— 
(1) the President should direct the United 
States Representative to the United Nations 
to use the voice, vote, and influence of the 
United States at the United Nations to advo-
cate for more transparent assessments of 
countries by the International Narcotics 
Control Board; and 
(2) bilateral, plurilateral, and multilateral 
international cooperation is essential to 
combating the trafficking of covered syn-
thetic drugs. 
SEC. 6027. DEFINITIONS. 
In this subtitle: 
(1) COVERED
SYNTHETIC
DRUG.—The term 
‘‘covered synthetic drug’’ means— 
(A) a synthetic controlled substance (as de-
fined in section 102(6) of the Controlled Sub-
stances Act (21 U.S.C. 802(6))), including 
fentanyl or a fentanyl analogue; or 
(B) a new psychoactive substance. 
(2) NEW
PSYCHOACTIVE
SUBSTANCE.—The 
term ‘‘new psychoactive substance’’ means a 
substance of abuse, or any preparation there-
of, that— 
(A) is not— 
(i) included in any schedule as a controlled 
substance under the Controlled Substances 
Act (21 U.S.C. 801 et seq.); or 
(ii) controlled by the Single Convention on 
Narcotic Drugs, done at New York March 30, 
1961, or the Convention on Psychotropic Sub-
stances, done at Vienna February 21, 1971; 
(B) is new or has reemerged on the illicit 
market; and 
(C) poses a threat to the public health and 
safety. 
Subtitle C—Foreign Service Families Act of 
2021 
SECTION 6031. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Foreign 
Service Families Act of 2021’’. 
SEC. 6032. TELECOMMUTING OPPORTUNITIES. 
(a) DETO POLICY.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—Each Federal department 
and agency shall establish a policy enumer-
ating the circumstances under which em-
ployees may be permitted to temporarily 
perform work requirements and duties from 
approved overseas locations where there is a 
related Foreign Service assignment pursuant 
to an approved Domestically Employed Tele-
working Overseas (DETO) agreement. 
(2) PARTICIPATION.—The policy described 
under paragraph (1) shall— 
(A) ensure that telework does not diminish 
employee performance or agency operations; 
(B) require a written agreement that— 
(i) is entered into between an agency man-
ager 
and 
an 
employee 
authorized 
to 
telework, that outlines the specific work ar-
rangement that is agreed to; and 
(ii) is mandatory in order for any employee 
to participate in telework; 
(C) provide that an employee may not be 
authorized to telework if the performance of 
that employee does not comply with the 
terms of the written agreement between the 
agency manager and that employee; 
(D) except in emergency situations as de-
termined by the head of an agency, not apply 
to any employee of the agency whose official 
duties require on at least a monthly basis— 
(i) direct handling of secure materials de-
termined to be inappropriate for telework by 
the agency head; or 
(ii) on-site activity that cannot be handled 
remotely or at an alternate worksite; 
(E) be incorporated as part of the con-
tinuity of operations plans of the agency in 
the event of an emergency; and 
(F) enumerate the circumstances under 
which employees may be permitted to tem-
porarily perform work requirements and du-
ties from approved overseas locations. 
(b) ACCESS TO ICASS SYSTEM.—Not later 
than 90 days after the date of the enactment 
of this Act, the Secretary of State shall re-
vise chapter 900 of volume 6 of the Foreign 
Affairs Manual, the International Coopera-
tive Administrative Support Services Hand-
book, the Personnel Operations Handbook, 
and any other relevant regulations to allow 
each Federal agency that has enacted a pol-
icy under subsection (a) to have access to the 
International 
Cooperative 
Administrative 
Support Services (ICASS) system. 
SEC. 6033. EMPLOYMENT AND EDUCATION PRO-
GRAMS FOR ELIGIBLE FAMILY MEM-
BERS OF MEMBERS OF THE FOR-
EIGN SERVICE. 
Section 706(b) of the Foreign Service Act of 
1980 (22 U.S.C. 4026(b)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)— 
(A) by striking ‘‘The Secretary may facili-
tate the employment of spouses of members 
of the Foreign Service by—’’ and inserting 
‘‘The Secretary shall implement such meas-
ures as the Secretary considers necessary to 
facilitate the employment of spouses and 
members of the Service. The measures may 
include—’’; and 
(B) by redesignating subparagraph (C) as 
subparagraph (D); and 
(C) by amending subparagraph (C) to read 
as follows: 
‘‘(C) establishing a program for assisting 
eligible family members in accessing em-
ployment and education opportunities, as ap-
propriate, including by exercising the au-
thorities, in relevant part, under sections 
1784 and 1784a of title 10, United States Code, 
and subject to such regulations as the Sec-
retary may prescribe modeled after those 
prescribed pursuant to subsection (b) of such 
section 1784;’’; 
(2) by redesignating paragraph (2) as para-
graph (6); 
(3) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-
lowing new paragraphs: 
‘‘(2) The Secretary may prescribe regula-
tions— 
‘‘(A) to provide preference to eligible fam-
ily members in hiring for any civilian posi-
tion in the Department, notwithstanding the 
prohibition on marital discrimination found 
in 5 U.S.C. 2302(b)(1)(E), if — 
‘‘(i) the eligible family member is among 
persons determined to be best qualified for 
the position; and 
‘‘(ii) the position is located in the overseas 
country of assignment of their sponsoring 
employee; 
‘‘(B) to ensure that notice of any vacant 
position in the Department is provided in a 
manner reasonably designed to reach eligible 
family members of sponsoring employees 
whose permanent duty stations are in the 
same country as that in which the position is 
located; and 
‘‘(C) to ensure that an eligible family 
member who applies for a vacant position in 
the Department shall, to the extent prac-
ticable, be considered for any such position 
located in the same country as the perma-
nent duty station of their sponsoring em-
ployee. 
‘‘(3) Nothing in this section may be con-
strued to provide an eligible family member 
with entitlement or preference in hiring over 
an individual who is preference eligible. 
‘‘(4) Under regulations prescribed by the 
Secretary, a chief of mission may, consistent 
with all applicable laws and regulations per-
taining to the ICASS system, make available 
to an eligible family member and a non-De-
partment entity space in an embassy or con-
sulate for the purpose of the non-Department 
entity providing employment-related train-
ing for eligible family members. 
‘‘(5) The Secretary may work with the Di-
rector of the Office of Personnel Manage-
ment and the heads of other Federal depart-
ments and agencies to expand and facilitate 
the use of existing Federal programs and re-
sources in support of eligible family member 
employment.’’; and 
(4) by adding after paragraph (6), as redes-
ignated by paragraph (2) of this subsection, 
the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(7) In this subsection, the term ‘eligible 
family member’ refers to family members of 
government employees assigned abroad or 
hired for service at their post of residence 
who are appointed by the Secretary of State 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00173
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 184-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8716 
November 19, 2021 
or the Administrator of the United States 
Agency for International Development pur-
suant to sections 102, 202, 303, and 311.’’. 
SEC. 6034. BRIEFING ON FOREIGN SERVICE FAM-
ILY RESERVE CORPS. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 120 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
the Secretary of State shall brief the appro-
priate congressional committees on the sta-
tus of implementation of the Foreign Service 
Family Reserve Corps. 
(b) ELEMENTS.—The briefing required under 
subsection (a) shall include the following ele-
ments: 
(1) A description of the status of implemen-
tation of the Foreign Service Family Re-
serve Corps (FSFRC). 
(2) An assessment of the extent to which 
implementation was impacted by the De-
partment’s hiring freeze and a detailed ex-
planation of the effect of any such impacts. 
(3) A description of the status of implemen-
tation of a hiring preference for the FSFRC. 
(4) A detailed accounting of any individ-
uals eligible for membership in the FSFRC 
who were unable to begin working at a new 
location as a result of being unable to trans-
fer their security clearance, including an as-
sessment of whether they would have been 
able to port their clearance as a member of 
the FSFRC if the program had been fully im-
plemented. 
(5) An estimate of the number of individ-
uals who are eligible to join the FSFRC 
worldwide and the categories, as detailed in 
the Under Secretary for Management’s guid-
ance dated May 3, 2016, under which those in-
dividuals would enroll. 
(6) An estimate of the number of individ-
uals who are enrolled in the FSFRC world-
wide and the categories, as detailed in the 
Under Secretary for Management’s guidance 
dated May 3, 2016, under which those individ-
uals enrolled. 
(7) An estimate of the number of individ-
uals who were enrolled in each phase of the 
implementation of the FSFRC as detailed in 
guidance issued by the Under Secretary for 
Management. 
(8) An estimate of the number of individ-
uals enrolled in the FSFRC who have suc-
cessfully transferred a security clearance to 
a new post since implementation of the pro-
gram began. 
(9) An estimate of the number of individ-
uals enrolled in the FSFRC who have been 
unable to successfully transfer a security 
clearance to a new post since implementa-
tion of the program began. 
(10) An estimate of the number of individ-
uals who have declined in writing to apply to 
the FSFRC. 
(c) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT-
TEES
DEFINED.—In this section, the term 
‘‘appropriate 
congressional 
committees’’ 
means— 
(1) the Committee on Foreign Relations 
and the Committee on Appropriations of the 
Senate; and 
(2) the Committee on Foreign Affairs and 
the Committee on Appropriations of the 
House of Representatives. 
SEC. 6035. TREATMENT OF FAMILY MEMBERS 
SEEKING POSITIONS CUSTOMARILY 
FILLED BY FOREIGN SERVICE OFFI-
CERS OR FOREIGN NATIONAL EM-
PLOYEES. 
Section 311 of the Foreign Service Act of 
1980 (22 U.S.C. 3951) is amended by adding at 
the end the following: 
‘‘(e) The Secretary shall hold a family 
member of a government employee described 
in subsection (a) seeking employment in a 
position described in that subsection to the 
same employment standards as those appli-
cable to Foreign Service officers, Foreign 
Service personnel, or foreign national em-
ployees seeking the same or a substantially 
similar position.’’. 
SEC. 6036. IN-STATE TUITION RATES FOR MEM-
BERS 
OF 
QUALIFYING 
FEDERAL 
SERVICE. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Section 135 of the Higher 
Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1015d) is 
amended— 
(1) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘THE 
ARMED FORCES ON ACTIVE DUTY, SPOUSES, AND 
DEPENDENT CHILDREN’’ and inserting ‘‘QUALI-
FYING FEDERAL SERVICE’’; 
(2) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘member 
of the armed forces who is on active duty for 
a period of more than 30 days and’’ and in-
serting ‘‘member of a qualifying Federal 
service’’; 
(3) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘member 
of the armed forces’’ and inserting ‘‘member 
of a qualifying Federal service’’; and 
(4) by striking subsection (d) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(d) DEFINITIONS.—In this section, the term 
‘member of a qualifying Federal service’ 
means— 
‘‘(1) a member of the armed forces (as de-
fined in section 101 of title 10, United States 
Code) who is on active duty for a period of 
more than 30 days (as defined in section 101 
of title 10, United States Code); or 
‘‘(2) a member of the Foreign Service (as 
defined in section 103 of the Foreign Service 
Act of 1980 (22 U.S.C. 3903)) who is on active 
duty for a period of more than 30 days.’’. 
(b) EFFECTIVE
DATE.—The amendments 
made under subsection (a) shall take effect 
at each public institution of higher edu-
cation in a State that receives assistance 
under the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 
U.S.C. 1001 et seq.) for the first period of en-
rollment at such institution that begins 
after July 1, 2021. 
SEC. 6037. TERMINATION OF RESIDENTIAL OR 
MOTOR VEHICLE LEASES AND TELE-
PHONE SERVICE CONTRACTS FOR 
CERTAIN MEMBERS OF THE FOR-
EIGN SERVICE. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Chapter 9 of title I of the 
Foreign Service Act of 1980 (22 U.S.C. 4081 et 
seq.) is amended by adding at the end the fol-
lowing new section: 
‘‘SEC. 907. TERMINATION OF RESIDENTIAL OR 
MOTOR VEHICLE LEASES AND TELE-
PHONE SERVICE CONTRACTS. 
‘‘The terms governing the termination of 
residential or motor vehicle leases and tele-
phone service contracts described in sections 
305 
and 
305A, 
respectively 
of 
the 
Servicemembers Civil Relief Act (50 U.S.C. 
3955 
and 
3956) 
with 
respect 
to 
servicemembers who receive military orders 
described in such Act shall apply in the same 
manner and to the same extent to members 
of the Service who are posted abroad at a 
Foreign Service post in accordance with this 
Act.’’. 
(b) CLERICAL
AMENDMENT.—The table of 
contents in section 2 of the Foreign Service 
Act of 1980 is amended by inserting after the 
item relating to section 906 the following 
new item: 
‘‘Sec. 907. Termination 
of 
residential 
or 
motor vehicle leases and tele-
phone service contracts.’’. 
TITLE LXII—MATTERS RELATING TO 
FOREIGN NATIONS 
Subtitle A—Miscellaneous 
SEC. 6201. CLARIFICATION OF REQUIREMENTS 
FOR CONTRIBUTIONS BY PARTICI-
PANTS IN THE AMERICAN, BRITISH, 
CANADIAN, AND AUSTRALIAN AR-
MIES’ PROGRAM. 
Section 1274 of the National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (10 
U.S.C. 2350a note) is amended— 
(1) by amending subsection (c) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(c) CONTRIBUTIONS BY PARTICIPANTS.— 
‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—An agreement under sub-
section (a) shall provide that— 
‘‘(A) the United States, as the host country 
for the Program, shall provide office facili-
ties and related office equipment and sup-
plies for the Program; and 
‘‘(B) each participating country shall con-
tribute its equitable share of the remaining 
costs for the Program, including— 
‘‘(i) the agreed upon share of administra-
tive costs related to the Program, except the 
costs for facilities and equipment and sup-
plies described in subparagraph (A); and 
‘‘(ii) any amount allocated against the 
country for monetary claims as a result of 
participation in the Program, in accordance 
with the agreement. 
‘‘(2) EQUITABLE
CONTRIBUTIONS.—The con-
tributions, as allocated under paragraph (1) 
and set forth in an agreement under sub-
section (a), shall be considered equitable for 
purposes of this subsection and section 27(c) 
of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 
2767(c)). 
‘‘(3) AUTHORIZED CONTRIBUTION.—An agree-
ment under subsection (a) shall provide that 
each participating country may provide its 
contribution in funds, in personal property, 
in services required for the Program, or any 
combination thereof. 
‘‘(4) FUNDING FOR UNITED STATES CONTRIBU-
TION.—Any monetary contribution by the 
United States to the Program that is pro-
vided in funds shall be made from funds 
available to the Department of Defense for 
operation and maintenance. 
‘‘(5) CONTRIBUTIONS
AND
REIMBURSEMENTS 
FROM OTHER PARTICIPATING COUNTRIES.— 
‘‘(A) IN
GENERAL.—The Secretary of De-
fense may accept from any other partici-
pating country a contribution or reimburse-
ment of funds, personal property, or services 
made by the participating country in fur-
therance of the Program. 
‘‘(B) CREDIT TO APPROPRIATIONS.—Any con-
tribution or reimbursement of funds received 
by the United States from any other partici-
pating country to meet that country’s share 
of the costs of the Program shall be credited 
to the appropriations available to the appro-
priate military department, as determined 
by the Secretary of Defense. 
‘‘(C) TREATMENT OF PERSONAL PROPERTY.— 
Any contribution or reimbursement of per-
sonal property received under this paragraph 
may be— 
‘‘(i) retained and used by the Program in 
the form in which it was contributed; 
‘‘(ii) sold or otherwise disposed of in ac-
cordance with such terms, conditions, and 
procedures as the members of the Program 
consider appropriate, and any resulting pro-
ceeds shall be credited to appropriations of 
the appropriate military department, as de-
scribed in subparagraph (B); or 
‘‘(iii) converted into a form usable by the 
Program. 
‘‘(D) USE OF CREDITED FUNDS.— 
‘‘(i) IN GENERAL.—Amounts credited under 
subparagraph (B) or (C)(ii) shall be— 
‘‘(I) merged with amounts in the appropria-
tion concerned; 
‘‘(II) subject to the same conditions and 
limitations as amounts in such appropria-
tion; and 
‘‘(III) available for payment of Program ex-
penses described in clause (ii). 
‘‘(ii) PROGRAM
EXPENSES
DESCRIBED.—The 
Program expenses described in this clause 
include— 
‘‘(I) payments to contractors and other 
suppliers, including the Department of De-
fense and participating countries acting as 
suppliers, for necessary goods and services of 
the Program; 
‘‘(II) payments for any damages or costs 
resulting from the performance or cancella-
tion of any contract or other obligation in 
support of the Program; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00174
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 185-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8717 
November 19, 2021 
‘‘(III) payments or reimbursements for 
other Program expenses; or 
‘‘(IV) refunds to other participating coun-
tries.’’; and 
(2) by striking subsection (g). 
SEC. 6202. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON INTEROPER-
ABILITY WITH TAIWAN. 
It is the sense of Congress that, consistent 
with the Taiwan Relations Act (Public Law 
96–8; 22 U.S.C. 3301 et seq.) and the Six Assur-
ances, the United States should seek to sup-
port the goals of— 
(1) improving asymmetric defense capabili-
ties of Taiwan; 
(2) bolstering deterrence to preserve peace, 
security, and stability across the Taiwan 
Strait; and 
(3) deepening interoperability with Taiwan 
in defense capabilities, including in— 
(A) maritime and air domain awareness; 
and 
(B) integrated air and missile defense sys-
tems. 
SEC. 6203. BRIEFING ON PROGRAMMING AND 
BUDGETING FOR THE PACIFIC DE-
TERRENCE INITIATIVE. 
(a) BRIEFING.—Not later than 60 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the 
Deputy Secretary of Defense shall provide to 
the congressional defense committees a 
briefing on the processes and guidance used 
to program and budget for the Pacific Deter-
rence Initiative, including— 
(1) the allocation of fiscal toplines in the 
program objective memorandum process to 
support the Pacific Deterrence Initiative at 
the outset of the process; 
(2) the role of the combatant commanders 
in setting requirements for the Pacific De-
terrence Initiative; 
(3) the role of the military departments 
and other components of the Armed Forces 
in proposing programmatic options to meet 
such requirements; and 
(4) the role of the combatant commanders, 
the military departments and other compo-
nents of the Armed Forces, the Cost Assess-
ment and Program Evaluation Office, and 
the Deputy Secretary of Defense in adjudi-
cating requirements and programmatic op-
tions— 
(A) before the submission of the program 
objective memorandum for the Pacific De-
terrence Initiative; and 
(B) during program review. 
(b) GUIDANCE.—In establishing program ob-
jective memorandum guidance for fiscal year 
2024, the Deputy Secretary of Defense shall 
ensure that the processes and guidance used 
to program and budget the Pacific Deter-
rence Initiative align, as appropriate, with 
the processes and guidance used to program 
and budget for the European Deterrence Ini-
tiative, including through the allocation of 
fiscal toplines for each such initiative in the 
fiscal year 2024 process. 
SEC. 6204. AFGHANISTAN WAR COMMISSION ACT 
OF 2021. 
(a) SHORT
TITLE.—This section may be 
cited as the ‘‘Afghanistan War Commission 
Act of 2021’’. 
(b) DEFINITIONS.—In this section: 
(1) APPLICABLE PERIOD.—The term ‘‘appli-
cable period’’ means the period beginning 
June 1, 2001, and ending August 30, 2021. 
(2) APPROPRIATE
CONGRESSIONAL
COMMIT-
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional 
committees’’ means— 
(A) the Committee on Armed Services of 
the Senate; 
(B) the Committee on Foreign Relations of 
the Senate; 
(C) the Select Committee on Intelligence 
of the Senate; 
(D) the Committee on Appropriations of 
the Senate; 
(E) the Committee on Armed Services of 
the House of Representatives; 
(F) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of 
the House of Representatives; 
(G) the Permanent Select Committee on 
Intelligence of the House of Representatives; 
and 
(H) the Committee on Appropriations of 
the House of Representatives. 
(3) INTELLIGENCE
COMMUNITY.—The term 
‘‘intelligence community’’ has the meaning 
given that term in section 3(4) of the Na-
tional Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003(4)). 
(c) ESTABLISHMENT OF COMMISSION.— 
(1) ESTABLISHMENT.—There is established 
in the legislative branch an independent 
commission to be known as the Afghanistan 
War Commission (in this section referred to 
as the ‘‘Commission’’). 
(2) MEMBERSHIP.— 
(A) COMPOSITION.—The Commission shall 
be composed of 16 members of whom— 
(i) 1 shall be appointed by the Chairman of 
the Committee on Armed Services of the 
Senate; 
(ii) 1 shall be appointed by the ranking 
member of the Committee on Armed Serv-
ices of the Senate; 
(iii) 1 shall be appointed by the Chairman 
of the Committee on Armed Services of the 
House of Representatives; 
(iv) 1 shall be appointed by the ranking 
member of the Committee on Armed Serv-
ices of the House of Representatives; 
(v) 1 shall be appointed by the Chairman of 
the Committee on Foreign Relations of the 
Senate; 
(vi) 1 shall be appointed by the ranking 
member of the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions of the Senate; 
(vii) 1 shall be appointed by the Chairman 
of the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the 
House of Representatives; 
(viii) 1 shall be appointed by the ranking 
member of the Committee on Foreign Affairs 
of the House of Representatives; 
(ix) 1 shall be appointed by the Chairman 
of the Select Committee on Intelligence of 
the Senate; 
(x) 1 shall be appointed by the ranking 
member of the Select Committee on Intel-
ligence of the Senate. 
(xi) 1 shall be appointed by the Chairman 
of the Permanent Select Committee on In-
telligence of the House of Representatives; 
(xii) 1 shall be appointed by the ranking 
member of the Permanent Select Committee 
on Intelligence of the House of Representa-
tives; 
(xiii) 1 shall be appointed by the majority 
leader of the Senate; 
(xiv) 1 shall be appointed by the minority 
leader of the Senate; 
(xv) 1 shall be appointed by the Speaker of 
the House of Representatives; and 
(xvi) 1 shall be appointed by the Minority 
Leader of the House of Representatives. 
(B) QUALIFICATIONS.—It is the sense of Con-
gress that each member of the Commission 
appointed under subparagraph (A) should 
have significant professional experience in 
national security, such as a position in— 
(i) the Department of Defense; 
(ii) the Department of State; 
(iii) the intelligence community; 
(iv) the United States Agency for Inter-
national Development; or 
(v) an academic or scholarly institution. 
(C) PROHIBITIONS.—A member of the Com-
mission appointed under subparagraph (A) 
may not— 
(i) be a current member of Congress; 
(ii) be a former member of Congress who 
served in Congress after January 3, 2001; 
(iii) be a current or former registrant 
under the Foreign Agents Registration Act 
of 1938 (22 U.S.C. 611 et seq.); 
(iv) have previously investigated Afghani-
stan policy or the war in Afghanistan 
through employment in the office of a rel-
evant inspector general; 
(v) have been the sole owner or had a ma-
jority stake in a company that held any 
United States or coalition defense contract 
providing goods or services to activities by 
the United States Government or coalition 
in Afghanistan during the applicable period; 
or 
(vi) have served, with direct involvement 
in actions by the United States Government 
in Afghanistan during the time the relevant 
official served, as— 
(I) a cabinet secretary or national security 
adviser to the President; or 
(II) a four-star flag officer, Under Sec-
retary, or more senior official in the Depart-
ment of Defense or the Department of State. 
(D) DATE.— 
(i) IN GENERAL.—The appointments of the 
members of the Commission shall be made 
not later than 60 days after the date of en-
actment of this Act. 
(ii) FAILURE TO MAKE APPOINTMENT.—If an 
appointment under subparagraph (A) is not 
made by the appointment date specified in 
clause (i)— 
(I) the authority to make such appoint-
ment shall expire; and 
(II) the number of members of the Commis-
sion shall be reduced by the number equal to 
the number of appointments not made. 
(3) PERIOD OF APPOINTMENT; VACANCIES.— 
(A) IN GENERAL.—A member of the Com-
mission shall be appointed for the life of the 
Commission. 
(B) VACANCIES.—A vacancy in the Commis-
sion— 
(i) shall not affect the powers of the Com-
mission; and 
(ii) shall be filled in the same manner as 
the original appointment. 
(4) MEETINGS.— 
(A) INITIAL
MEETING.—Not later than 30 
days after the date on which all members of 
the Commission have been appointed, the 
Commission shall hold the first meeting of 
the Commission. 
(B) FREQUENCY.—The Commission shall 
meet at the call of the Co-Chairpersons. 
(C) QUORUM.—A majority of the members 
of 
the 
Commission 
shall 
constitute 
a 
quorum, but a lesser number of members 
may hold hearings. 
(5) 
CO-CHAIRPERSONS.—The 
Commission 
shall select, by a simple majority vote— 
(A) 1 Co-Chairperson from the members of 
the Commission appointed by chairpersons of 
the appropriate congressional committees; 
and 
(B) 1 Co-Chairperson from the members of 
the Commission appointed by the ranking 
members of the appropriate congressional 
committees. 
(d) PURPOSE OF COMMISSION.— The purpose 
of the Commission is— 
(1) to examine the key strategic, diplo-
matic, and operational decisions that pertain 
to the war in Afghanistan during the rel-
evant period, including decisions, assess-
ments, and events that preceded the war in 
Afghanistan; and 
(2) to develop a series of lessons learned 
and recommendations for the way forward 
that will inform future decisions by Congress 
and policymakers throughout the United 
States Government. 
(e) DUTIES OF COMMISSION.— 
(1) STUDY.— 
(A) IN
GENERAL.—The Commission shall 
conduct a thorough study of all matters re-
lating to combat operations, reconstruction 
and security force assistance activities, in-
telligence operations, and diplomatic activi-
ties of the United States pertaining to the 
Afghanistan during the period beginning 
September 1, 1996, and ending August 30, 2021. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00175
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 186-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8718 
November 19, 2021 
(B) MATTERS STUDIED.—The matters stud-
ied by the Commission shall include— 
(i) for the time period specified under sub-
paragraph (A)— 
(I) the policy objectives of the United 
States Government, including— 
(aa) military objectives; 
(bb) diplomatic objectives; 
(cc) development objectives; and 
(dd) intelligence objectives; 
(II) significant decisions made by the 
United States, including the development of 
options presented to policymakers; 
(III) the efficacy of efforts by the United 
States Government in meeting the objec-
tives described in clause (i), including an 
analysis of — 
(aa) military efforts; 
(bb) diplomatic efforts; 
(cc) development efforts; and 
(dd) intelligence efforts; and 
(IV) the efficacy of counterterrorism ef-
forts against al Qaeda, the Islamic State 
Khorasan Province, and other foreign ter-
rorist organizations in degrading the will 
and capabilities of such organizations— 
(aa) to mount external attacks against the 
United States mainland or its allies and 
partners; or 
(bb) to threaten regional stability in Af-
ghanistan and neighboring countries. 
(ii) the efficacy of metrics, measures of ef-
fectiveness, and milestones used to assess 
progress of diplomatic, military, and intel-
ligence efforts; 
(iii) the efficacy of interagency planning 
and execution process by the United States 
Government; 
(iv) factors that led to the collapse of the 
Afghan National Defense Security Forces in 
2021, including— 
(I) training; 
(II) assessment methodologies; 
(III) building indigenous forces on western 
models; 
(IV) reliance on technology and logistics 
support; and 
(V) reliance on warfighting enablers pro-
vided by the United States; 
(v) the efficacy of counter-corruption ef-
forts to include linkages to diplomatic lines 
of effort, linkages to foreign and security as-
sistance, and assessment methodologies; 
(vi) the efficacy of counter-narcotic efforts 
to include alternative livelihoods, eradi-
cation, interdiction, and education efforts; 
(vii) the role of countries neighboring Af-
ghanistan in contributing to the instability 
of Afghanistan; 
(viii) varying diplomatic approaches be-
tween Presidential administrations; 
(ix) the extent to which the intelligence 
community did or did not fail to provide suf-
ficient warning about the probable outcomes 
of a withdrawal of coalition military support 
from Afghanistan, including as it relates 
to— 
(I) the capability and sustainability of the 
Afghanistan 
National 
Defense 
Security 
Forces; 
(II) the sustainability of the Afghan cen-
tral government, absent coalition support; 
(III) the extent of Taliban control over Af-
ghanistan over time with respect to geo-
graphic territory, governance, and influence; 
and 
(IV) the likelihood of the Taliban regain-
ing control of Afghanistan at various levels 
of United States and coalition support, in-
cluding the withdrawal of most or all United 
States or coalition support; 
(x) the extent to which intelligence prod-
ucts related to the state of the conflict in Af-
ghanistan and the effectiveness of the Af-
ghanistan National Defense Security Forces 
complied with intelligence community-wide 
analytic tradecraft standards and fully re-
flected the divergence of analytic views 
across the intelligence community; 
(xi) an evaluation of whether any element 
of the United States Government inappropri-
ately restricted access to data from elements 
of the intelligence community, Congress, or 
the Special Inspector General for Afghani-
stan Reconstruction (SIGAR) or any other 
oversight body such as other inspectors gen-
eral or the Gpvernment Accountability Of-
fice, including through the use of overclassi-
fication; and 
(xii) the extent to which public representa-
tions of the situation in Afghanistan before 
Congress by United States Government offi-
cials were not consistent with the most re-
cent formal assessment of the intelligence 
community at the time those representa-
tions were made. 
(2) REPORT REQUIRED.— 
(A) IN GENERAL.— 
(i) ANNUAL REPORT.— 
(I) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of the initial meeting of the Com-
mission, and annually thereafter, the Com-
mission shall submit to the appropriate con-
gressional committees a report describing 
the progress of the activities of the Commis-
sion as of the date of such report, including 
any findings, recommendations, or lessons 
learned endorsed by the Commission. 
(II) ADDENDA.—Any member of the Com-
mission may submit an addendum to a re-
port required under subclause (I) setting 
forth the separate views of such member 
with respect to any matter considered by the 
Commission. 
(III) BRIEFING.—On the date of the submis-
sion of the first annual report, the Commis-
sion shall brief Congress. 
(ii) FINAL REPORT.— 
(I) SUBMISSION.—Not later than 3 years 
after the date of the initial meeting of the 
Commission, the Commission shall submit to 
Congress a report that contains a detailed 
statement of the findings, recommendations, 
and lessons learned endorsed by the Commis-
sion. 
(II) ADDENDA.—Any member of the Com-
mission may submit an addendum to the re-
port required under subclause (I) setting 
forth the separate views of such member 
with respect to any matter considered by the 
Commission. 
(III) EXTENSION.—The Commission may 
submit the report required under subclause 
(I) at a date that is not more than 1 year 
later than the date specified in such clause if 
agreed to by the chairperson and ranking 
member of each of the appropriate congres-
sional committees. 
(B) FORM.—The report required by para-
graph (1)(B) shall be submitted and publicly 
released on a Government website in unclas-
sified form but may contain a classified 
annex. 
(C) SUBSEQUENT REPORTS ON DECLASSIFICA-
TION.— 
(i) IN
GENERAL.—Not later than 4 years 
after the date that the report required by 
subparagraph (A)(ii) is submitted, each rel-
evant agency of jurisdiction shall submit to 
the committee of jurisdiction a report on the 
efforts of such agency to declassify such 
annex. 
(ii) CONTENTS.—Each report required by 
clause (i) shall include— 
(I) a list of the items in the classified 
annex that the agency is working to declas-
sify at the time of the report and an esti-
mate of the timeline for declassification of 
such items; 
(II) a broad description of items in the 
annex that the agency is declining to declas-
sify at the time of the report; and 
(III) any justification for withholding de-
classification of certain items in the annex 
and an estimate of the timeline for declas-
sification of such items. 
(f) POWERS OF COMMISSION.— 
(1) HEARINGS.—The Commission may hold 
such hearings, take such testimony, and re-
ceive such evidence as the Commission con-
siders necessary to carry out its purpose and 
functions under this section. 
(2) ASSISTANCE FROM FEDERAL AGENCIES.— 
(A) INFORMATION.— 
(i) IN GENERAL.—The Commission may se-
cure directly from a Federal department or 
agency such information as the Commission 
considers necessary to carry out this section. 
(ii) FURNISHING
INFORMATION.—Upon re-
ceipt of a written request by the Co-Chair-
persons of the Commission, the head of the 
department or agency shall expeditiously 
furnish the information to the Commission. 
(B) SPACE FOR COMMISSION.—Not later than 
30 days after the date of the enactment of 
this Act, the Administrator of General Serv-
ices, in consultation with the Commission, 
shall identify and make available suitable 
excess space within the Federal space inven-
tory to house the operations of the Commis-
sion. If the Administrator of General Serv-
ices is not able to make such suitable excess 
space available within such 30-day period, 
the Commission may lease space to the ex-
tent that funds are available for such pur-
pose. 
(3) POSTAL
SERVICES.—The Commission 
may use the United States mails in the same 
manner and under the same conditions as 
other departments and agencies of the Fed-
eral Government. 
(4) GIFTS.—The Commission may accept, 
use, and dispose of gifts or donations of serv-
ices, goods, and property from non-Federal 
entities for the purposes of aiding and facili-
tating the work of the Commission. The au-
thority in this subsection does not extend to 
gifts of money. Gifts accepted under this au-
thority shall be documented, and conflicts of 
interest or the appearance of conflicts of in-
terest shall be avoided. Subject to the au-
thority in this section, commissioners shall 
otherwise comply with rules set forth by the 
Select Committee on Ethics of the Senate 
and the Committee on Ethics of the House of 
Representatives governing employees of the 
Senate and the House of Representatives. 
(5) LEGISLATIVE ADVISORY COMMITTEE.—The 
Commission shall operate as a legislative ad-
visory committee and shall not be subject to 
the provisions of the Federal Advisory Com-
mittee Act (Public Law 92–463; 5 U.S.C. App) 
or section 552b, United States Code (com-
monly known as the Government in the Sun-
shine Act). 
(g) COMMISSION PERSONNEL MATTERS.— 
(1) COMPENSATION OF MEMBERS.—A member 
of the Commission who is not an officer or 
employee of the Federal Government shall 
be compensated at a rate equal to the daily 
equivalent of the annual rate of basic pay 
prescribed for level IV of the Executive 
Schedule under section 5315 of title 5, United 
States Code, for each day (including travel 
time) during which the member is engaged in 
the performance of the duties of the Com-
mission. 
(2) TRAVEL
EXPENSES.—A member of the 
Commission shall be allowed travel expenses, 
including per diem in lieu of subsistence, at 
rates authorized for employees of agencies 
under subchapter I of chapter 57 of title 5, 
United States Code, while away from their 
homes or regular places of business in the 
performance of services for the Commission. 
(3) STAFF.— 
(A) STATUS AS FEDERAL EMPLOYEES.—Not-
withstanding the requirements of section 
2105 of title 5, United States Code, including 
the required supervision under subsection 
(a)(3) of such section, the members of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00176
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 187-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8719 
November 19, 2021 
commission shall be deemed to be Federal 
employees. 
(B) EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR.—The Commission 
shall appoint and fix the rate of basic pay for 
an Executive Director in accordance with 
section 3161(d) of title 5, United States Code. 
(C) PAY.—The Executive Director, with the 
approval of the Commission, may appoint 
and fix the rate of basic pay for additional 
personnel as staff of the Commission in ac-
cordance with section 3161(d) of title 5, 
United States Code. 
(4) DETAIL OF GOVERNMENT EMPLOYEES.—A 
Federal Government employee may be de-
tailed to the Commission without reimburse-
ment, and such detail shall be without inter-
ruption or loss of civil service status or 
privilege. 
(5) PROCUREMENT OF TEMPORARY AND INTER-
MITTENT
SERVICES.—The Co-Chairpersons of 
the Commission may procure temporary and 
intermittent services under section 3109(b) of 
title 5, United States Code, at rates for indi-
viduals that do not exceed the daily equiva-
lent of the annual rate of basic pay pre-
scribed for level V of the Executive Schedule 
under section 5316 of that title. 
(h) 
TERMINATION
OF
COMMISSION.—The 
Commission shall terminate 90 days after the 
date on which the Commission submits the 
report required under subsection (e)(2)(A)(ii). 
(i) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS.— 
(1) INCREASE.—The amount authorized to 
be appropriated by section 4301 for Operation 
and Maintenance, Defense-wide, for the Of-
fice of the Secretary of Defense, is hereby in-
creased by $3,000,000. 
(2) OFFSET.—The amount authorized to be 
appropriated by section 4301 for Operation 
and 
Maintenance, 
Afghanistan 
Security 
Forces Fund, for Afghanistan Air Force, 
Line 090, is hereby reduced by $3,000,000. 
SEC. 6205. SENSE OF SENATE ON CONTINUING 
SUPPORT 
FOR 
ESTONIA, 
LATVIA, 
AND LITHUANIA. 
Section 1236 is hereby deemed to read as 
follows: 
‘‘SEC. 1236. SENSE OF SENATE ON CONTINUING 
SUPPORT 
FOR 
ESTONIA, 
LATVIA, 
AND LITHUANIA. 
‘‘It is the sense of the Senate that— 
‘‘(1) the security of the Baltic region is 
crucial to the security of the North Atlantic 
Treaty Organization alliance, and the United 
States should continue to prioritize support 
for efforts by the Baltic states of Estonia, 
Latvia, and Lithuania to build and invest in 
critical security areas, as such efforts are 
important to achieving United States na-
tional security objectives, including deter-
ring Russian aggression and bolstering the 
security of North Atlantic Treaty Organiza-
tion allies; 
‘‘(2) robust support to accomplish United 
States strategic objectives, including by pro-
viding assistance to the Baltic countries 
through security cooperation referred to as 
the Baltic Security Initiative pursuant to 
sections 332 and 333 of title 10, United States 
Code, should be prioritized in the years to 
come; 
‘‘(3) Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania play a 
crucial role in strategic efforts— 
‘‘(A) to deter the Russian Federation; and 
‘‘(B) to maintain the collective security of 
the North Atlantic Treaty Organization alli-
ance; 
‘‘(4) the United States should continue to 
pursue efforts consistent with the com-
prehensive, multilateral assessment of the 
military requirements of Estonia, Latvia, 
and Lithuania provided to Congress in De-
cember 2020; 
‘‘(5) the Baltic security cooperation road-
map has proven to be a successful model to 
enhance intraregional Baltic planning and 
cooperation, particularly with respect to 
longer-term regional capability projects, in-
cluding— 
‘‘(A) integrated air defense; 
‘‘(B) maritime domain awareness; 
‘‘(C) command, control, communications, 
computers, intelligence, surveillance, and re-
connaissance; and 
‘‘(D) Special Operations Forces develop-
ment; 
‘‘(6) Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania are to 
be commended for their efforts to pursue 
joint procurement of select defense capabili-
ties and should explore additional areas for 
joint collaboration; and 
‘‘(7) the Department of Defense should— 
‘‘(A) continue robust, comprehensive in-
vestment in Baltic security efforts con-
sistent with the assessment described in 
paragraph (4); 
‘‘(B) continue efforts to enhance interoper-
ability among Estonia, Latvia, and Lith-
uania and in support of North Atlantic Trea-
ty Organization efforts; 
‘‘(C) encourage infrastructure and other 
host-country support improvements that 
will enhance United States and allied mili-
tary mobility across the region; 
‘‘(D) invest in efforts to improve resilience 
to hybrid threats and cyber defenses in Esto-
nia, Latvia, and Lithuania; and 
‘‘(E) support planning and budgeting ef-
forts of Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania that 
are regionally synchronized.’’. 
SEC. 6206. REVIEW OF PORT AND PORT-RELATED 
INFRASTRUCTURE PURCHASES AND 
INVESTMENTS MADE BY THE GOV-
ERNMENT OF THE PEOPLE’S REPUB-
LIC OF CHINA AND ENTITIES DI-
RECTED OR BACKED BY THE GOV-
ERNMENT OF THE PEOPLE’S REPUB-
LIC OF CHINA. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of State, 
in coordination with the Director of Na-
tional Intelligence, the Secretary of Defense, 
and the head of any other agency the Sec-
retary of State considers necessary, shall 
conduct a review of port and port-related in-
frastructure purchases and investments crit-
ical to the interests and national security of 
the United States made by— 
(1) the Government of the People’s Repub-
lic of China; 
(2) entities directed or backed by the Gov-
ernment of the People’s Republic of China; 
and 
(3) entities with beneficial owners that in-
clude the Government of the People’s Repub-
lic of China or a private company controlled 
by the Government of the People’s Republic 
of China. 
(b) ELEMENTS.—The review required by 
subsection (a) shall include the following: 
(1) A list of port and port-related infra-
structure purchases and investments de-
scribed in that subsection, prioritized in 
order of the purchases or investments that 
pose the greatest threat to United States 
economic, defense, and foreign policy inter-
ests. 
(2) An analysis of the effects the consolida-
tion of such investments, or the assertion of 
control by the Government of the People’s 
Republic of China over entities described in 
paragraph (2) or (3) of that subsection, would 
have on Department of State, Office of the 
Director of National Intelligence, and De-
partment of Defense contingency plans. 
(3) A description of past and planned ef-
forts by the Secretary of State, the Director 
of National Intelligence, and the Secretary 
of Defense to address such purchases, invest-
ments, and consolidation of investments or 
assertion of control. 
(c) COORDINATION
WITH
OTHER
FEDERAL 
AGENCIES.—In conducting the review re-
quired by subsection (a), the Secretary of 
State may coordinate with the head of any 
other Federal agency, as the Secretary of 
State considers appropriate. 
(d) REPORT.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than one year 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
the Secretary of State shall submit to the 
appropriate committees of Congress a report 
on the results of the review under subsection 
(a). 
(2) FORM.—The report required by para-
graph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified 
form, but may contain a classified annex. 
(e) DEFINITIONS.—In this section: 
(1) 
APPROPRIATE
COMMITTEES
OF
CON-
GRESS.—The term ‘‘appropriate committees 
of Congress’’ means— 
(A) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Foreign Relations, and the Se-
lect Committee on Intelligence of the Sen-
ate; and 
(B) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Per-
manent Select Committee on Intelligence of 
the House of Representatives. 
(2) PORT.—The term ‘‘port’’ means— 
(A) any port— 
(i) on the navigable waters of the United 
States; or 
(ii) that is considered by the Secretary of 
State to be critical to United States inter-
ests; and 
(B) any harbor, marine terminal, or other 
shoreside facility used principally for the 
movement of goods on inland waters that the 
Secretary of State considers critical to 
United States interests. 
(3) PORT-RELATED
INFRASTRUCTURE.—The 
term 
‘‘port-related 
infrastructure’’ 
in-
cludes— 
(A) crane equipment; 
(B) logistics, information, and communica-
tions systems; and 
(C) any other infrastructure the Secretary 
of State considers appropriate. 
SEC. 6207. SUPPORTING DEMOCRACY IN BURMA. 
(a) DEFINED TERM.—In this section, the 
term ‘‘appropriate congressional commit-
tees’’ means— 
(1) the Committee on Foreign Relations of 
the Senate; 
(2) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the 
House of Representatives; 
(3) the Committee on Appropriations of the 
Senate; 
(4) the Committee on Appropriations of the 
House of Representatives; 
(5) the Committee on Armed Services of 
the Senate; 
(6) the Committee on Armed Services of 
the House of Representatives; 
(7) the Committee on Banking, Housing, 
and Urban Affairs of the Senate; and 
(8) the Committee on Financial Services of 
the House of Representatives. 
(b) BRIEFING REQUIRED.— 
(1) IN
GENERAL.—Not later than 60 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
the following officials shall jointly brief the 
appropriate congressional committees re-
garding actions taken by the United States 
Government to further United States policy 
and security objectives in Burma (officially 
known as the ‘‘Republic of the Union of 
Myanmar’’): 
(A) The Assistant Secretary of State for 
East Asian and Pacific Affairs. 
(B) The Counselor of the Department of 
State. 
(C) The Under Secretary of the Treasury 
for Terrorism and Financial Intelligence. 
(D) The Assistant to the Administrator for 
the Bureau for Conflict Prevention and Sta-
bilization. 
(E) Additional officials from the Depart-
ment of Defense or the Intelligence Commu-
nity, as appropriate. 
(2) INFORMATION
REQUIRED.—The briefing 
required under paragraph (1) shall include— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00177
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 188-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8720 
November 19, 2021 
(A) a detailed description of the specific 
United States policy and security objectives 
in Burma; 
(B) information about any actions taken 
by the United States, either directly or in 
coordination with other countries— 
(i) to support and legitimize the National 
Unity Government of the Republic of the 
Union of Myanmar, The Civil Disobedience 
Movement in Myanmar, and other entities 
promoting democracy in Burma, while si-
multaneously denying legitimacy and re-
sources to the Myanmar’s military junta; 
(ii) to impose costs on Myanmar’s military 
junta, including— 
(I) an assessment of the impact of existing 
United States and international sanctions; 
and 
(II) a description of potential prospects for 
additional sanctions; 
(iii) to secure the restoration of democ-
racy, the establishment of inclusive and rep-
resentative civilian government, with a re-
formed military reflecting the diversity of 
Burma and under civilian control, and the 
enactment of constitutional, political, and 
economic reform in Burma; 
(iv) to secure the unconditional release of 
all political prisoners in Burma; 
(v) to promote genuine national reconcili-
ation among Burma’s diverse ethnic and reli-
gious groups; 
(vi) to ensure accountability for atrocities, 
human rights violations, and crimes against 
humanity committed by Myanmar’s military 
junta; and 
(vii) to avert a large-scale humanitarian 
disaster; 
(C) an update on the current status of 
United States assistance programs in Burma, 
including— 
(i) humanitarian assistance for affected 
populations, including internally displaced 
persons and efforts to mitigate humanitarian 
and health crises in neighboring countries 
and among refugee populations; 
(ii) democracy assistance, including sup-
port to the National Unity Government of 
the Republic of the Union of Myanmar and 
civil society groups in Burma; 
(iii) economic assistance; and 
(iv) global health assistance, including 
COVID–19 relief; and 
(D) a description of the strategic interests 
in Burma of the People’s Republic of China 
and the Russian Federation, including— 
(i) access to natural resources and lines of 
communications to sea routes; and 
(ii) actions taken by such countries— 
(I) to support Myanmar’s military junta in 
order to preserve or promote such interests; 
(II) to undermine the sovereignty and ter-
ritorial integrity of Burma; and 
(III) to promote ethnic conflict within 
Burma. 
(c) 
CLASSIFICATION
AND
FORMAT.—The 
briefing required under subsection (b)— 
(1) shall be provided in an unclassified set-
ting; and 
(2) may be accompanied by a separate clas-
sified briefing, as appropriate. 
SEC. 6208. UNITED STATES–ISRAEL ARTIFICIAL 
INTELLIGENCE CENTER. 
(a) SHORT
TITLE.—This section may be 
cited as the ‘‘United States-Israel Artificial 
Intelligence Center Act’’. 
(b) ESTABLISHMENT OF CENTER.—The Sec-
retary of State, in consultation with the 
Secretary of Commerce, the Director of the 
National Science Foundation, and the heads 
of other relevant Federal agencies, may es-
tablish the United States–Israel Artificial 
Intelligence Center (referred to in this sec-
tion as the ‘‘Center’’) in the United States. 
(c) PURPOSE.—The purpose of the Center 
shall be to leverage the experience, knowl-
edge, and expertise of institutions of higher 
education and private sector entities in the 
United States and Israel to develop more ro-
bust research and development cooperation 
in the areas of— 
(1) machine learning; 
(2) image classification; 
(3) object detection; 
(4) speech recognition; 
(5) natural language processing; 
(6) data labeling; 
(7) computer vision; and 
(8) 
model 
explainability 
and 
interpretability. 
(d) ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE PRINCIPLES.— 
In carrying out the purposes set forth in sub-
section (c), the Center shall adhere to the 
principles for the use of artificial intel-
ligence in the Federal Government set forth 
in section 3 of Executive Order 13960 (85 Fed. 
Reg. 78939). 
(e) INTERNATIONAL PARTNERSHIPS.— 
(1) IN
GENERAL.—The Secretary of State 
and the heads of other relevant Federal 
agencies, subject to the availability of ap-
propriations, may enter into cooperative 
agreements supporting and enhancing dia-
logue and planning involving international 
partnerships between the Department of 
State or such agencies and the Government 
of Israel and its ministries, offices, and insti-
tutions. 
(2) FEDERAL SHARE.—Not more than 50 per-
cent of the costs of implementing the agree-
ments entered into pursuant to paragraph (1) 
may be paid by the United States Govern-
ment. 
(f) AUTHORIZATION
OF
APPROPRIATIONS.— 
There is authorized to be appropriated for 
the Center $10,000,000 for each of the fiscal 
years 2022 through 2026. 
Subtitle B—U.S.-Greece Defense and 
Interparliamentary Partnership Act of 2021 
SEC. 6211. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘U.S.- 
Greece Defense and Interparliamentary Part-
nership Act of 2021’’. 
SEC. 6212. FINDINGS. 
Congress makes the following findings: 
(1) The United States and Greece are 
strong allies in the North Atlantic Treaty 
Organization (NATO) and have deepened 
their defense relationship in recent years in 
response to growing security challenges in 
the Eastern Mediterranean region. 
(2) Greece participates in several NATO 
missions, including Operation Sea Guardian 
in the Mediterranean and NATO’s mission in 
Kosovo. 
(3) The Eastern Mediterranean Security 
and Energy Partnership Act (title II of divi-
sion J of Public Law 116–94), authorized new 
security assistance for Greece and Cyprus, 
lifted the United States prohibition on arms 
transfers to Cyprus, and authorized the es-
tablishment of a United States-Eastern Med-
iterranean Energy Center to facilitate en-
ergy cooperation among the United States, 
Greece, Israel, and Cyprus. 
(4) The United States has demonstrated its 
support for the trilateral partnership of 
Greece, Israel, and Cyprus through joint en-
gagement with Cyprus, Greece, Israel, and 
the United States in the ‘‘3+1’’ format. 
(5) The United States and Greece have held 
Strategic Dialogue meetings in Athens, 
Washington D.C., and virtually, and have 
committed to hold an upcoming Strategic 
Dialogue session in 2021 in Washington, D.C. 
(6) In October 2019, the United States and 
Greece agreed to update the United States- 
Greece Mutual Defense Cooperation Agree-
ment, and the amended agreement officially 
entered into force on February 13, 2020. 
(7) The amended Mutual Defense Coopera-
tion Agreement provides for increased joint 
United States-Greece and NATO activities at 
Greek 
military 
bases 
and 
facilities 
in 
Larissa, Stefanovikio, Alexandroupolis, and 
other parts of central and northern Greece, 
and allows for infrastructure improvements 
at the United States Naval Support Activity 
Souda Bay base on Crete. 
(8) In October 2020, Greek Foreign Minister 
Nikos Dendias announced that Greece hopes 
to further expand the Mutual Defense Co-
operation Agreement with the United States. 
(9) The United States Naval Support Activ-
ity Souda Bay serves as a critical naval lo-
gistics hub for the United States Navy’s 6th 
Fleet. 
(10) In June 2020, United States Ambas-
sador to Greece Geoffrey Pyatt characterized 
the importance of Naval Support Activity 
Souda Bay as ‘‘our most important platform 
for the projection of American power into a 
strategically dynamic Eastern Mediterra-
nean region. From Syria to Libya to the 
chokepoint of the Black Sea, this is a criti-
cally important asset for the United States, 
as our air force, naval, and other resources 
are applied to support our Alliance obliga-
tions and to help bring peace and stability.’’. 
(11) The USS Hershel ‘‘Woody’’ Williams, 
the second of a new class of United States 
sea-basing ships, is now based out of Souda 
Bay, the first permanent United States naval 
deployment at the base. 
(12) The United States cooperates with the 
Hellenic 
Armed 
Forces 
at 
facilities 
in 
Larissa, Stefanovikio, and Alexandroupolis, 
where the United States Armed Forces con-
duct training, refueling, temporary mainte-
nance, storage, and emergency response. 
(13) The United States has conducted a 
longstanding International Military Edu-
cation and Training (IMET) program with 
Greece, and the Government of Greece has 
committed to provide $3 for every dollar in-
vested by the United States in the program. 
(14) Greece’s defense spending in 2020 
amounted to an estimated 2.68 percent of its 
gross domestic product (GDP), exceeding 
NATO’s 2 percent of GDP benchmark agreed 
to at the 2014 NATO Summit in Wales. 
(15) Greece is eligible for the delivery of ex-
cess defense articles under section 516(c)(2) of 
the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 
2321j(c)(2)). 
(16) In September 2020, Greek Prime Min-
ister Kyriakos Mitsotakis announced plans 
to modernize all three branches of the Hel-
lenic Armed Forces, which will strengthen 
Greece’s military position in the Eastern 
Mediterranean. 
(17) The modernization includes upgrades 
to the arms of all three branches, including 
new anti-tank weapons for the Hellenic 
Army, new heavy-duty torpedoes for the Hel-
lenic Navy, and new guided missiles for the 
Hellenic Air Force. 
(18) The Hellenic Navy also plans to up-
grade its four MEKO 200HN frigates and pur-
chase four new multirole frigates of an un-
disclosed type, to be accompanied by 4 MH- 
60R anti-submarine helicopters. 
(19) The Hellenic Air Force plans to fully 
upgrade its fleet of F–16 jets to the F–16 
Viper variant by 2027 and has expressed in-
terest in participating in the F–35 Joint 
Strike Fighter program. 
SEC. 6213. SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
It is the sense of Congress that— 
(1) Greece is a pillar of stability in the 
Eastern 
Mediterranean 
region 
and 
the 
United States should remain committed to 
supporting its security and prosperity; 
(2) the 3+1 format of cooperation among 
Cyprus, Greece, Israel, and the United States 
has been a successful forum to cooperate on 
energy issues and should be expanded to in-
clude other areas of common concern to the 
members; 
(3) the United States should increase and 
deepen efforts to partner with and support 
the modernization of the Greek military; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00178
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 189-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8721 
November 19, 2021 
(4) it is in the interests of the United 
States that Greece continue to transition its 
military equipment away from Russian-pro-
duced 
platforms 
and 
weapons 
systems 
through the European Recapitalization In-
centive Program; 
(5) the United States Government should 
continue to deepen strong partnerships with 
the Greek military, especially in co-develop-
ment and co-production opportunities with 
the Greek Navy; 
(6) the naval partnerships with Greece at 
Souda Bay and Alexandroupolis are mutu-
ally beneficial to the national security of the 
United States and Greece; 
(7) the United States should, as appro-
priate, support the sale of F–35 Joint Strike 
Fighters to Greece; 
(8) the United States Government should 
continue to invest in International Military 
Education and Training (IMET) programs in 
Greece; 
(9) the United States Government should 
support joint maritime security cooperation 
exercises with Cyprus, Greece, and Israel; 
(10) in accordance with its legal authorities 
and project selection criteria, the United 
States Development Finance Corporation 
should consider supporting private invest-
ment in strategic infrastructure projects in 
Greece, to include shipyards and ports that 
contribute to the security of the region and 
Greece’s prosperity; 
(11) the extension of the Mutual Defense 
Cooperation Agreement with Greece for a pe-
riod of five years includes deepened partner-
ships at Greek military facilities throughout 
the country and is a welcome development; 
and 
(12) the United States Government should 
establish the United States-Eastern Medi-
terranean Energy Center as authorized in 
the Eastern Mediterranean Energy and Secu-
rity Partnership Act of 2019. 
SEC. 6214. FUNDING FOR EUROPEAN RECAPITAL-
IZATION INCENTIVE PROGRAM. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—To the maximum extent 
feasible, of the funds appropriated for the 
European Recapitalization Incentive Pro-
gram, $25,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2022 
through 2026 should be considered for Greece 
as appropriate to assist the country in meet-
ing its defense needs and transitioning away 
from Russian-produced military equipment. 
(b) REPORT.—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the 
Secretary of State shall submit to the appro-
priate congressional committees a report 
that provides a full accounting of all funds 
distributed under the European Recapitaliza-
tion Incentive Program, including— 
(1) identification of each recipient country; 
(2) a description of how the funds were 
used; and 
(3) an accounting of remaining equipment 
in recipient countries that was provided by 
the then-Soviet Union or Russian Federa-
tion. 
SEC. 6215. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON LOAN PRO-
GRAM. 
It is the sense of Congress that, as appro-
priate, the United States Government should 
provide direct loans to Greece for the pro-
curement of defense articles, defense serv-
ices, and design and construction services 
pursuant to the authority of section 23 of the 
Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2763) to 
support the further development of Greece’s 
military forces. 
SEC. 6216. TRANSFER OF F–35 JOINT STRIKE 
FIGHTER AIRCRAFT TO GREECE. 
The President is authorized to expedite de-
livery of any future F–35 aircraft to Greece 
once Greece is prepared to move forward 
with such a purchase on such terms and con-
ditions as the President may require. Such 
transfer shall be submitted to Congress pur-
suant to the certification requirements 
under section 36 of the Arms Export Control 
Act (22 U.S.C. 2776). 
SEC. 6217. IMET COOPERATION WITH GREECE. 
For each of fiscal years 2022 through 2026, 
$1,800,000 is authorized to be appropriated for 
International Military Education and Train-
ing assistance for Greece, which may be 
made available for the following purposes: 
(1) Training of future leaders. 
(2) Fostering a better understanding of the 
United States. 
(3) Establishing a rapport between the 
United States Armed Forces and Greece’s 
military to build partnerships for the future. 
(4) Enhancement of interoperability and 
capabilities for joint operations. 
(5) Focusing on professional military edu-
cation, civilian control of the military, and 
protection of human rights. 
SEC. 6218. CYPRUS, GREECE, ISRAEL, AND THE 
UNITED 
STATES 
3+1 
INTER-
PARLIAMENTARY GROUP. 
(a) ESTABLISHMENT.—There is established a 
group, to be known as the ‘‘Cyprus, Greece, 
Israel, and the United States 3+1 Inter-
parliamentary Group’’, to serve as a legisla-
tive component to the 3+1 process launched 
in Jerusalem in March 2019. 
(b) 
MEMBERSHIP.—The 
Cyprus, 
Greece, 
Israel, and the United States 3+1 Inter-
parliamentary Group shall include a group of 
not more than 6 United States Senators, to 
be known as the ‘‘United States group’’, who 
shall be appointed jointly by the majority 
leader and the minority leader of the Senate. 
(c) MEETINGS.—Not less frequently than 
once each year, the United States group 
shall meet with members of the 3+1 group to 
discuss issues on the agenda of the 3+1 delib-
erations of the Governments of Greece, 
Israel, Cyprus, and the United States to in-
clude maritime security, defense coopera-
tion, energy initiatives, and countering ma-
lign influence efforts by the People’s Repub-
lic of China and the Russian Federation. 
(d) 
TERMINATION.—The 
Cyprus, 
Greece, 
Israel, and the United States 3+1 Inter-
parliamentary Group shall terminate 4 years 
after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 6219. APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COM-
MITTEES. 
In this subtitle, the term ‘‘appropriate con-
gressional committees’’ means— 
(1) the Committee on Foreign Relations, 
the Committee on Armed Services, and the 
Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; 
and 
(2) the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the 
Committee on Armed Services, and the Com-
mittee on Appropriations of the House of 
Representatives. 
TITLE 
LXV—SPACE 
ACTIVITIES, 
STRA-
TEGIC PROGRAMS, AND INTELLIGENCE 
MATTERS 
SEC. 6501. REPORT ON SENSING CAPABILITIES 
OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE 
TO ASSIST FIGHTING WILDFIRES. 
(a) REPORT.—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the 
Secretary of Defense shall, in consultation 
with the Director of National Intelligence 
and such other head of an agency or depart-
ment as the Secretary determines appro-
priate, submit to the appropriate congres-
sional committees a report on the capabili-
ties of the Department of Defense to assist 
fighting wildfires through the use and anal-
ysis of satellite and other aerial survey tech-
nology. 
(b) MATTERS INCLUDED.—The report under 
subsection (a) shall include the following: 
(1) An examination of the current and fu-
ture sensing requirements for the wildfire 
fighting and analysis community. 
(2) Identification of assets of the Depart-
ment of Defense and intelligence community 
that can provide data that is relevant to the 
requirements under paragraph (1), including 
an examination of such assets that— 
(A) are currently available; 
(B) are in development; and 
(C) have been formally proposed by a de-
partment or agency of the Federal Govern-
ment, but which have not yet been approved 
by Congress. 
(3) With respect to the assets identified 
under paragraph (2)(A), an examination of 
how close the data such assets provide comes 
to meeting the wildfire management and 
suppression community needs. 
(4) An identification of the total and 
breakdown of costs reimbursed to the De-
partment of Defense during the five-year pe-
riod preceding the date of the report for re-
imbursable requests for assistance from lead 
departments or agencies of the Federal Gov-
ernment responding to natural disasters, in-
cluding an assessment of the feasibility of 
not charging or requiring reimbursement for 
satellite time used in emergency response 
for wildfires. 
(5) A discussion of the feasibility of estab-
lishing capabilities at civilian agencies such 
as the National Oceanic and Atmospheric 
Administration or the National Aeronautics 
and Space Administration to replicate or 
supplement the FireGuard program. 
(6) A discussion of issues involved in pro-
ducing unclassified products using unclassi-
fied and classified assets, and policy options 
for Congress regarding that translation, in-
cluding by explicitly addressing classifica-
tion choices that could ease the application 
of data from such assets to wildfire detection 
and tracking. 
(7) Identification of options to address gaps 
between requirements and capabilities to be 
met by additional solutions, whether from 
the Department of Defense, the intelligence 
community, or from the civil or commercial 
domain. 
(8) A retrospective analysis to determine 
whether the existing data could have been 
used to defend against past fires. 
(9) Options for the Department of Defense 
to assist the Department of Agriculture, the 
Department of the Interior, the Department 
of Energy, the National Aeronautics and 
Space Administration, the National Oceanic 
and Atmospheric Administration, the Na-
tional Institute of Standards and Tech-
nology, the National Science Foundation, 
and State and local governments in identi-
fying and responding to wildfires. 
(c) DEFINITIONS.—In this section: 
(1) The term ‘‘appropriate congressional 
committees’’ means the following: 
(A) The Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and 
Forestry, the Committee on Commerce, 
Science, and Transportation, the Committee 
on Energy and Natural Resources, and the 
Select Committee on Intelligence of the Sen-
ate. 
(B) The Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Agriculture, the Committee 
on Natural Resources, the Committee on 
Science, Space, and Technology, and the Per-
manent Select Committee on Intelligence of 
the House of Representatives. 
(2) The term ‘‘intelligence community’’ 
has the meaning given that term in section 
3 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 
U.S.C. 3003). 
SEC. 6502. ACTIVE PROTECTION OF THE MAJOR 
RANGE AND TEST FACILITY BASE. 
(a) AUTHORITY.—The Secretary of Defense 
may take, and may authorize members of 
the Armed Forces and officers and civilian 
employees of the Department of Defense to 
take, such actions described in subsection (b) 
as are necessary to mitigate the threat, as 
determined by the Secretary, that a space- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00179
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 190-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8722 
November 19, 2021 
based asset may pose to the security or oper-
ation of the Major Range and Test Facility 
Base (as defined in section 196(i) of title 10, 
United States Code). 
(b) ACTIONS DESCRIBED.—The actions de-
scribed in this subsection are the following: 
(1) To detect, identify, monitor, and track 
space-based assets without consent. 
(2) Consistent with the statutory authority 
of the Secretary, to take such proactive ac-
tions as necessary to ensure that the Major 
Range and Test Facility Base is able to per-
form its intended function and meet oper-
ational and security requirements. 
SEC. 6503. MODIFICATION TO ESTIMATE OF DAM-
AGES FROM FEDERAL COMMUNICA-
TIONS COMMISSION ORDER 20–48. 
Section 1664 of the William M. (Mac) 
Thornberry National Defense Authorization 
Act for Fiscal Year 2021 (Public Law 116–283) 
is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), in the matter pre-
ceding paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘or any 
subsequent fiscal year’’ after ‘‘fiscal year 
2021’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
subsections: 
‘‘(d) DISTRIBUTION OF ESTIMATE.—As soon 
as practicable after submitting an estimate 
as described in paragraph (1) of subsection 
(a) and making the certification described in 
paragraph (2) of such subsection, the Sec-
retary shall make such estimate available to 
any licensee operating under the Order and 
Authorization described in such subsection. 
‘‘(e) AUTHORITY OF SECRETARY OF DEFENSE 
TO SEEK RECOVERY OF COSTS.—The Secretary 
may work directly with any licensee (or any 
future assignee, successor, or purchaser) af-
fected by the Order and Authorization de-
scribed in subsection (a) to seek recovery of 
costs incurred by the Department as a result 
of the effect of such order and authorization. 
‘‘(f) REIMBURSEMENT.— 
‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary shall es-
tablish and facilitate a process for any li-
censee (or any future assignee, successor, or 
purchaser) subject to the Order and Author-
ization described in subsection (a) to provide 
reimbursement to the Department, only to 
the extent provided in appropriation Acts, 
for the covered costs and eligible reimburs-
able costs submitted and certified to the con-
gressional defense committees under such 
subsection. 
‘‘(2) USE
OF
FUNDS.—The Secretary shall 
use any funds received under this subsection, 
to the extent and in such amounts as are 
provided in advance in appropriation Acts, 
for covered costs described in subsection (b) 
and the range of eligible reimbursable costs 
identified under subsection (a)(1). 
‘‘(3) REPORT.—Not later than 90 days after 
the date on which the Secretary establishes 
the process required by paragraph (1), the 
Secretary shall submit to the congressional 
defense committees a report on such process. 
‘‘(g) GOOD FAITH.—The execution of the re-
sponsibilities of this section by the Depart-
ment shall be considered to be good faith ac-
tions pursuant to paragraph 104 of the Order 
and Authorization described in subsection 
(a).’’. 
SEC. 
6504. 
SEMIANNUAL 
NOTIFICATIONS 
RE-
GARDING MISSILE DEFENSE TESTS 
AND COSTS. 
(a) SEMIANNUAL NOTIFICATIONS REQUIRED.— 
For each period described in subsection (b), 
the Director of the Missile Defense Agency 
shall submit to the congressional defense 
committees a notification of all— 
(1) flight tests (intercept and non-inter-
cept) planned to occur during the period cov-
ered by the notification based on the Inte-
grated Master Test Plan the Director used to 
support the President’s budget submission 
under section 1105 of title 31, United States 
Code, for the fiscal year of the period cov-
ered; and 
(2) ground tests planned to occur during 
such period based on such plan. 
(b) PERIODS COVERED.—For purposes of this 
section, the periods covered under this sec-
tion are— 
(1) the first 180-calendar-day period begin-
ning on the date that is 90 days after the 
date of the enactment of this Act; and 
(2) each subsequent, sequential 180-cal-
endar-day period beginning thereafter until 
the date that is five years and 90 calendar 
days after the date of the enactment of this 
Act. 
(c) TIMING
OF NOTIFICATION SUBMITTAL.— 
Each notification submitted under sub-
section (a) for a period described in sub-
section (b) shall be submitted— 
(1) not earlier than 30 calendar days before 
the last day of the period; and 
(2) not later than the last day of the pe-
riod. 
(d) 
CONTENTS.—Each 
notification 
sub-
mitted under subsection (a) shall include the 
following: 
(1) For the period covered by the notifica-
tion: 
(A) With respect to each flight test de-
scribed in subsection (a)(1), the following: 
(i) The entity responsible for leading the 
flight test (such as the Missile Defense Agen-
cy, the Army, or the Navy) and the classi-
fication level of the flight test. 
(ii) The planned cost (the most recent 
flight test cost estimate, including intercep-
tors and targets), the actual costs and ex-
penditures to-date, and an estimate of any 
remaining costs and expenditures. 
(iii) All funding (including any appro-
priated, transferred, or reprogrammed fund-
ing) the Agency has received to-date for the 
flight test. 
(iv) All changes made to the scope and ob-
jectives of the flight test and an explanation 
for such changes. 
(v) The status of the flight test, such as 
conducted-objectives achieved, conducted- 
objectives not achieved (failure or no-test), 
delayed, or canceled. 
(vi) In the event of a flight test status of 
conducted-objectives not achieved (failure or 
no-test), delayed, or canceled— 
(I) the reasons the flight test did not suc-
ceed or occur; 
(II) in the event of a flight test status of 
failure or no-test, the plan and cost estimate 
to retest, if necessary, and any contractor li-
ability, if appropriate; 
(III) in the event of a flight test delay, the 
fiscal year and quarter the objectives were 
first planned to be met, the names of the 
flight tests the objectives have been moved 
to, the aggregate duration of the delay to- 
date, and, if applicable, any risks to the 
warfighter from the delay; and 
(IV) in the event of a flight test cancella-
tion, the fiscal year and quarter the objec-
tives were first planned to be met, whether 
the objectives from the canceled test were 
met by other means, moved to a different 
flight test, or removed, a revised spend plan 
for the remaining funding the agency re-
ceived for the flight test to-date, and, if ap-
plicable, any risks to the warfighter from 
the cancellation; and 
(vii) the status of any decisions reached by 
failure review boards open or completed dur-
ing the period covered by the notification. 
(B) With respect to each ground test de-
scribed in subsection (a)(2), the following: 
(i) The planned cost (the most recent 
ground test cost estimate), the actual costs 
and expenditures to-date, and an estimate of 
any remaining costs and expenditures. 
(ii) The designation of the ground test, 
whether developmental, operational, or both. 
(iii) All changes made to the scope and ob-
jectives of the ground test and an expla-
nation for such changes. 
(iv) The status of the ground test, such as 
conducted-objectives achieved, conducted- 
objectives not achieved (failure or no-test), 
delayed, or canceled. 
(v) In the case of a ground test status of 
conducted-objectives not achieved (failure or 
no-test), delayed, or canceled— 
(I) the reasons the ground test did not suc-
ceed or occur; and 
(II) 
if 
applicable, 
any 
risks 
to 
the 
warfighter from the ground test not suc-
ceeding or occurring; 
(vi) The participating system and element 
models used for conducting ground tests and 
the accreditation status of the participating 
system and element models. 
(vii) Identification of any cybersecurity 
tests conducted or planned to be conducted 
as part of the ground test. 
(viii) For each cybersecurity test identified 
under subparagraph (G), the status of the cy-
bersecurity test, such as conducted-objec-
tives 
achieved, 
conducted-objectives 
not 
achieved (failure or no-test), delayed, or can-
celed. 
(ix) In the case of a cybersecurity test 
identified under subparagraph (G) with a sta-
tus of conducted-objectives, not achieved, 
delayed, or canceled— 
(I) the reasons for such status; and 
(II) 
any 
risks, 
if 
applicable, 
to 
the 
warfighter from the cybersecurity test not 
succeeding or occurring. 
(2) To the degree applicable and known, the 
matters covered by paragraph (1) but for the 
period subsequent to the covered period. 
(e) ADDITIONAL MATTERS.— 
(1) EVENTS
SPANNING
MULTIPLE
NOTIFICA-
TION PERIODS.—Events that span from one pe-
riod described in subsection (b) into another 
described in such subsection, such as a the 
case of a failure review board convening in 
one period and reaching a decision in the fol-
lowing period, shall be covered by notifica-
tions under subsection (a) for both periods. 
(2) FORM.—Each notification submitted 
under subsection (a) shall be submitted in 
unclassified form, but may include a classi-
fied annex. 
SEC. 6505. BRIEFING ON CONSULTATIONS WITH 
UNITED STATES ALLIES REGARDING 
NUCLEAR POSTURE REVIEW. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than January 
31, 2022, the Secretary of Defense, in coordi-
nation with the Secretary of State, shall 
brief the appropriate congressional commit-
tees on all consultations with United States 
allies regarding the 2021 Nuclear Posture Re-
view. 
(b) ELEMENTS.—The briefing required by 
subsection (a) shall include the following: 
(1) A listing of all countries consulted with 
respect to the 2021 Nuclear Posture Review, 
including the dates and circumstances of 
each such consultation and the countries 
present. 
(2) An overview of the topics and concepts 
discussed with each such country during 
such consultations, including any discussion 
of potential changes to the nuclear declara-
tory policy of the United States. 
(3) A summary of any feedback provided 
during such consultations. 
(c) FORM.—The briefing required by sub-
section (a) shall be conducted in both in an 
unclassified and classified format. 
(d) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT-
TEES
DEFINED.—In this section, the term 
‘‘appropriate 
congressional 
committees’’ 
means— 
(1) the Committee on Armed Services and 
the Committee on Foreign Relations of the 
Senate; and 
(2) the Committee on Armed Services and 
the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the 
House of Representatives. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00180
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 191-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8723 
November 19, 2021 
TITLE LXVI—CYBERSPACE-RELATED 
MATTERS 
SEC. 6601. MATTERS CONCERNING CYBER PER-
SONNEL 
EDUCATION 
REQUIRE-
MENTS. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—The Director of National 
Intelligence shall— 
(1) assess current cyber education cur-
ricula and requirements for civilian per-
sonnel of the intelligence community, in-
cluding cyberspace and information environ-
ment-related 
scholarship-for-service 
pro-
grams, including— 
(A) the CyberCorps: Scholarship for Serv-
ice (SFS); 
(B) the Stokes Educational Scholarship 
Program; and 
(C) the OnRamp II Scholarship Program; 
(2) recommend— 
(A) cyberspace domain and information se-
curity 
curriculum 
requirements 
of 
undergraduate- and graduate-level accred-
ited institutions; 
(B) under which Federal department or 
agency such a curriculum could be adminis-
tered; and 
(C) interim efforts to improve the coordi-
nation of existing cyberspace and informa-
tion environment education programs; and 
(3) identify— 
(A) 
any 
counterintelligence 
risks 
or 
threats to the intelligence community that 
establishment of such a curriculum could 
create; and 
(B) a cost estimate for the establishment 
of such a curriculum. 
(b) REPORT REQUIRED.— 
(1) IN
GENERAL.—Not later than May 31, 
2022, the Director shall provide the Select 
Committee on Intelligence of the Senate and 
the Permanent Select Committee on Intel-
ligence of the House of Representatives a 
briefing and, not later than September 30, 
2022, the Director shall submit to such com-
mittees a report on— 
(A) the findings of the Director in carrying 
out subsection (a); 
(B) such recommendations as the Director 
may have for personnel education needs in 
the cyberspace domain; and 
(C) any legislative or administrative ac-
tion the Director identifies as necessary to 
effectively meet cyber personnel education 
requirements. 
(2) FORM.—In presenting and submitting 
findings under paragraph (1), the Director 
may— 
(A) when providing the briefing required by 
such paragraph, present such findings in a 
classified setting; and 
(B) when submitting the report required by 
such paragraph, include such findings in a 
classified annex. 
(c) DEFINITIONS.—In this section: 
(1) EDUCATION.—The term ‘‘education’’ in-
cludes formal education requirements, such 
as degrees and certification in targeted sub-
ject areas. 
(2) INTELLIGENCE
COMMUNITY.—The term 
‘‘intelligence community’’ has the meaning 
given such term in section 3 of the National 
Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003). 
SEC. 6602. PILOT PROGRAM ON PUBLIC-PRIVATE 
PARTNERSHIPS 
WITH 
INTERNET 
ECOSYSTEM COMPANIES TO DETECT 
AND DISRUPT ADVERSARY CYBER 
OPERATIONS. 
(a) PILOT REQUIRED.—Not later than one 
year after the date of the enactment of this 
Act, the Secretary shall, acting through the 
Director of the Cybersecurity and Infrastruc-
ture Security Agency and in coordination 
with the Secretary of Defense and National 
Cyber Director, establish and commence a 
pilot program to assess the feasibility and 
advisability of entering into public-private 
partnerships with internet ecosystem compa-
nies to facilitate, within the bounds of the 
applicable provisions of law and companies’ 
terms of service, policies, procedures, con-
tracts, and other agreements, actions by 
such companies to discover and disrupt use 
of the platforms, systems, services, and in-
frastructure of such companies by malicious 
cyber actors. 
(b) PUBLIC-PRIVATE PARTNERSHIPS.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—Under the pilot program 
required by subsection (a), the Secretary 
shall seek to enter into one or more public- 
private partnerships with internet ecosystem 
companies to facilitate actions as described 
in subsection (a). 
(2) VOLUNTARY PARTICIPATION.—(A) Partici-
pation by an internet ecosystem company in 
a public-private partnership under the pilot 
program shall be voluntary. 
(B) Participation by an internet ecosystem 
company in any activity under the pilot pro-
gram set forth in subsection (c), or otherwise 
occurring under the pilot program, shall be 
voluntary. 
(C) No funds appropriated by any Act may 
be used to direct, pressure, coerce, or other-
wise require that any internet ecosystem 
company take any action on their platforms, 
systems, services, and infrastructure as part 
of this pilot program. 
(c) 
AUTHORIZED
ACTIVITIES.—In 
estab-
lishing and conducting the pilot program 
under subsection (a), the Secretary may— 
(1) provide assistance to a participating 
company in developing effective know-your- 
customer processes and requirements; 
(2) provide information, analytics, and 
technical assistance to improve the ability 
of participating companies to detect and pre-
vent illicit or suspicious procurement, pay-
ment, and account creation on their own 
platforms, systems, services, or infrastruc-
ture; 
(3) develop and socialize best practices for 
the collection, retention, and sharing of data 
by participating companies to support inter-
net ecosystem company discovery of mali-
cious cyber activity, investigations, and at-
tribution on their own platforms, systems, 
services, or infrastructure; 
(4) provide actionable, timely, and relevant 
information 
to 
participating 
companies, 
such as information about ongoing oper-
ations and infrastructure, threats, tactics, 
and procedures, and indicators of com-
promise, to enable such companies to detect 
and disrupt the use of their platforms, sys-
tems, services, and infrastructure by mali-
cious cyber actors; 
(5) provide recommendations for (but not 
design, develop, install, operate, or main-
tain) operational workflows, assessment and 
compliance practices, and training that par-
ticipating internet ecosystem companies can 
institute within their companies to reliably 
detect and disrupt the use of their platforms, 
systems, services, and infrastructure by ma-
licious cyber actors; 
(6) provide recommendations for accel-
erating, to the greatest extent practicable, 
the automation of existing or instituted 
operational workflows to operate at line-rate 
in order to enable real-time mitigation with-
out the need for manual review or action; 
(7) provide recommendations for (but not 
design, develop, install, operate, or main-
tain) technical capabilities to enable partici-
pating internet ecosystem companies to col-
lect and analyze data on malicious activities 
occurring on their platforms, systems, serv-
ices, and infrastructure to detect and disrupt 
operations of malicious cyber actors; and 
(8) provide recommendations regarding rel-
evant mitigations for suspected or discov-
ered malicious cyber activity and thresholds 
for action. 
(d) 
COMPETITION
CONCERNS.—Consistent 
with section 1905 of title 18, United States 
Code, the Secretary shall ensure that any 
trade secret or proprietary information of a 
participating internet ecosystem company 
made known to the Federal Government pur-
suant to a public-private partnership under 
the pilot program remains private and pro-
tected unless explicitly authorized by the 
participating company. 
(e) IMPARTIALITY.—In carrying out the 
pilot program under subsection (a), the Sec-
retary shall not take any action that is in-
tended primarily to advance the particular 
business interests of a given company but 
are otherwise authorized to take actions 
that advance the interests of the United 
States, notwithstanding differential impact 
or benefit to a given company’s or given 
companies’ business interests. 
(f) RESPONSIBILITIES.— 
(1) SECRETARY
OF
HOMELAND
SECURITY.— 
The Secretary shall exercise primary respon-
sibility for the pilot program required by 
subsection (a), organizing and directing au-
thorized activities with participating Fed-
eral Government organizations and internet 
ecosystem companies to achieve the objec-
tives of the pilot program. 
(2) NATIONAL
CYBER
DIRECTOR.—The Na-
tional 
Cyber 
Director 
shall 
support 
prioritization and cross-agency coordination 
for the pilot program required by subsection 
(a), including ensuring appropriate participa-
tion by participating agencies and the iden-
tification and prioritization of key private 
sector entities and initiatives for the pilot 
program. 
(3) SECRETARY OF DEFENSE.—The Secretary 
of Defense shall provide support and re-
sources to the pilot program required by sub-
section (a), including the provision of tech-
nical and operational expertise drawn from 
appropriate and relevant components of the 
Department of Defense, including the Na-
tional Security Agency, United States Cyber 
Command, the Chief Information Officer, the 
Office of the Secretary of Defense, military 
department Principal Cyber Advisors, and 
the Defense Advanced Research Projects 
Agency. 
(g) PARTICIPATION OF OTHER FEDERAL GOV-
ERNMENT COMPONENTS.—The Secretary may 
invite to participate in the pilot program re-
quired by subsection (a) the heads of such de-
partments or agencies as the Secretary con-
siders appropriate. 
(h) INTEGRATION WITH OTHER EFFORTS.— 
The Secretary shall ensure that the pilot 
program makes use of, builds upon, and, as 
appropriate, integrates with and does not du-
plicate other efforts of the Department of 
Homeland Security and the Department of 
Defense relating to cybersecurity, including 
the following: 
(1) The Joint Cyber Defense Collaborative 
of the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Se-
curity Agency. 
(2) The Cybersecurity Collaboration Center 
and Enduring Security Framework of the 
National Security Agency. 
(i) RULES OF CONSTRUCTION.— 
(1) LIMITATION ON GOVERNMENT ACCESS TO 
DATA.—Nothing in this section authorizes 
sharing of information, including informa-
tion relating to customers of internet eco-
system companies or private individuals, 
from an internet ecosystem company to an 
agency, officer, or employee of the Federal 
Government unless otherwise authorized by 
another provision of law and the Secretary 
shall ensure compliance with this sub-
section. 
(2) STORED COMMUNICATIONS ACT.—Nothing 
in this section shall be construed to permit 
or require disclosure by a provider of a re-
mote computing service or a provider of an 
electronic communication service to the 
public of information not otherwise per-
mitted or required to be disclosed under 
chapter 121 of title 18, United States Code 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00181
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 192-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8724 
November 19, 2021 
(commonly known as the ‘‘Stored Commu-
nications Act’’).. 
(3) THIRD
PARTY
CUSTOMERS.—Nothing in 
this section shall be construed to require a 
third party, such as a customer or managed 
service provider of an internet ecosystem 
company, to participate in the pilot pro-
gram. 
(j) BRIEFINGS.— 
(1) INITIAL.— 
(A) IN GENERAL.—Not later than one year 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
the Secretary shall, in coordination with the 
Secretary of Defense and the National Cyber 
Director, brief the appropriate committees 
of Congress on the pilot program required by 
subsection (a). 
(B) ELEMENTS.—The briefing required by 
subparagraph (A) shall include the following: 
(i) The plans of the Secretary for the con-
duct of the pilot program under subsection 
(a). 
(ii) Identification of key priorities for the 
pilot program. 
(iii) Identification of any potential chal-
lenges in standing up the pilot program or 
impediments to private sector participation 
in the program, such as a lack of liability 
protection. 
(iv) A description of the roles and respon-
sibilities under the pilot program of each 
participating Federal entity. 
(2) ANNUAL.— 
(A) IN GENERAL.—Not later than two years 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
and annually thereafter for three years, the 
Secretary shall, in coordination with the 
Secretary of Defense and the National Cyber 
Director, brief the appropriate committees 
of Congress on the progress of the pilot pro-
gram required by subsection (a). 
(B) ELEMENTS.—Each briefing required by 
subparagraph (A) shall include the following: 
(i) Recommendations for addressing rel-
evant policy, budgetary, and legislative gaps 
to make the pilot program more effective. 
(ii) Such recommendations as the Sec-
retary may have for increasing private sec-
tor participation in the pilot program, such 
as providing liability protection. 
(iii) A description of the challenges en-
countered in carrying out subsection (a), in-
cluding any concerns expressed by private 
sector partners regarding participation in 
the pilot program. 
(iv) The findings of the Secretary with re-
spect to the feasibility and advisability of 
extending or expanding the pilot program 
(v) Such other matters as the Secretary 
considers appropriate. 
(k) TERMINATION.—The pilot program re-
quired by subsection (a) shall terminate on 
the date that is five years after the date of 
the enactment of this Act. 
(l) DEFINITIONS.—In this section: 
(1) The term ‘‘appropriate committees of 
Congress’’ means— 
(A) the Committee on Homeland Security 
and Governmental Affairs and the Com-
mittee on Armed Services of the Senate; and 
(B) the Committee on Homeland Security 
and the Committee on Armed Services of the 
House of Representatives. 
(2) The term ‘‘internet ecosystem com-
pany’’ means a business incorporated in the 
United States that provide cybersecurity 
services, internet service, content delivery 
services, Domain Name Service, cloud serv-
ices, mobile telecommunications services, 
email 
and 
messaging 
services, 
internet 
browser services, or such other services as 
the Secretary determines appropriate for the 
purposes of the pilot program required by 
subsection (a). 
(3) The term ‘‘participating company’’ 
means an internet ecosystem company that 
has entered into a public-private partnership 
with the Secretary under subsection (b). 
(4) The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Sec-
retary of Homeland Security. 
SEC. 6603. BRIEFING ON DEPARTMENT OF DE-
FENSE 
INTEROPERABILITY 
FOR 
DATA ANALYTICS. 
(a) BRIEFING REQUIRED.—Not later than 60 
days after the date of the enactment of this 
Act, the Chief Data Officer of the Depart-
ment of Defense shall brief the congressional 
defense committees on the activities the De-
partment is undertaking to ensure that au-
thoritative enterprise data is available to 
and interoperable among multiple data man-
agement and analytics platforms for the Sec-
retary of Defense, Deputy Secretary of De-
fense, Principal Staff Assistants, and compo-
nents of the Department in adherence with 
an open data standard architecture. 
(b) 
ELEMENTS.—The 
briefing 
provided 
under subsection (a) shall include the fol-
lowing: 
(1) An assessment of how data analytics 
platforms currently in use adhere to an open 
data standard architecture in accordance 
with the Deputy Secretary of Defense’s 
memorandum on Creating Data Advantage. 
(2) A description of the process and metrics 
used by the Chief Data Officer to approve ad-
ditional platforms for use. 
(3) A plan to federate data that can be 
accessed across the enterprise, wherever it 
exists, by multiple data analytics platforms. 
(4) An assessment of the cybersecurity ben-
efits derived through implementing a diver-
sity of data platforms. 
(5) An assessment of the ability to better 
meet unique mission requirements at the 
edge via operator access to competitive, 
multi-tool analytics platforms. 
TITLE LXXVIII—MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
AND GENERAL PROVISIONS 
SEC. 7801. COMPTROLLER GENERAL STUDY ON 
MANAGEMENT BY DEPARTMENT OF 
DEFENSE OF MILITARY HOUSING IN 
AREAS WITH LIMITED AVAILABLE 
HOUSING FOR PRIVATE CITIZENS. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—The Comptroller General 
of the United States shall conduct a study on 
the management by the Department of De-
fense of privatized military housing and 
military housing owned by the Department 
in areas with limited available housing for 
private citizens. 
(b) ELEMENTS.—In conducting the study 
under subsection (a), the Comptroller Gen-
eral shall assess the following: 
(1) The extent to which the Department— 
(A) tracks the availability of private sector 
housing in areas surrounding installations of 
the Department; 
(B) identifies the percentage of members of 
the Armed Forces at installations of the De-
partment who choose to reside in private 
sector housing; and 
(C) assesses the impact of the population 
identified under subparagraph (B) on the 
housing supply in the areas in which they re-
side. 
(2) How the Department coordinates and 
communicates with local communities sur-
rounding installations of the Department re-
garding the potential impact of the military 
population on housing supply. 
(3) The process of the Department for de-
termining when to establish new privatized 
housing projects under subchapter IV of 
chapter 169 of title 10, United States Code, 
including the extent to which the Depart-
ment has identified surplus land on installa-
tions of the Department and determined the 
feasibility and advisability of using such 
land for the development of additional hous-
ing units for members of the Armed Forces. 
(c) HOUSING
AREAS.—In conducting the 
study under subsection (a), the Comptroller 
General may focus such study on the man-
agement of military housing in certain geo-
graphical areas. 
(d) BRIEFING AND REPORT.— 
(1) BRIEFING.—Not later than 90 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the 
Comptroller General shall provide to the 
Committees on Armed Services of the Senate 
and the House of Representatives an interim 
briefing on the study conducted under sub-
section (a), including any preliminary obser-
vations.. 
(2) REPORT.—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the 
Comptroller General shall submit to the 
Committees on Armed Services of the Senate 
and the House of Representatives a report on 
the study conducted under subsection (a). 
(e) PRIVATIZED
MILITARY
HOUSING
DE-
FINED.—In this section, the term ‘‘privatized 
military housing’’ means military housing 
provided under subchapter IV of chapter 169 
of title 10, United States Code. 
TITLE LXXXI—NATIONAL SECURITY 
PROGRAMS AND AUTHORIZATIONS 
SEC. 8101. REPORT ON PLANT-DIRECTED RE-
SEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT. 
Section 4812A of the Atomic Energy De-
fense Act (50 U.S.C. 2793) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsections (b) and (c) 
as subsections (c) and (d), respectively; and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (a) the fol-
lowing new subsection (b): 
‘‘(b) PLANT-DIRECTED RESEARCH AND DEVEL-
OPMENT.— 
‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—The report required by 
subsection (a) shall include, with respect to 
plant-directed research and development, the 
following: 
‘‘(A) A financial accounting of expendi-
tures for such research and development, 
disaggregated by nuclear weapons produc-
tion facility. 
‘‘(B) A breakdown of the percentage of re-
search and development conducted by each 
such facility that is plant-directed research 
and development. 
‘‘(C) An explanation of how each such facil-
ity plans to increase the availability and uti-
lization of funds for plant-directed research 
and development. 
‘‘(2) PLANT-DIRECTED RESEARCH AND DEVEL-
OPMENT
DEFINED.—In this subsection, the 
term ‘plant-directed research and develop-
ment’ means research and development se-
lected by the director of a nuclear weapons 
production facility.’’. 
TITLE XC—FUNDING TABLES 
SEC. 9101. INCREASED FUNDING FOR HEAVY TAC-
TICAL TRUCKS. 
(a) INCREASED FUNDING.—(1) The funding 
table in section 4101 is hereby deemed to in-
clude, after the item relating to PLS ESP, 
an item relating to ‘‘Hvy Expanded Mobile 
Tactical Truck Ext Serv’’ with ‘‘109,000’’ in 
the Senate Authorized column. 
(2) In the funding table in section 4101, in 
the item relating to Total Other Procure-
ment, Army, the amount in the Senate Au-
thorized column is deemed to be ‘‘8,989,492’’. 
(3) In the funding table in section 4101, in 
the item relating to Total Procurement, the 
amount in the Senate Authorized column is 
deemed to be ‘‘144,163,529’’. 
(b) OFFSET.—(1) In the funding table in sec-
tion 4301, in the item relating to Afghan Na-
tional 
Army, 
in 
the 
item 
relating 
to 
Sustainment, the amount in the Senate Au-
thorized ios deemed to be ‘‘944,668’’. 
(2) In the funding table in section 4301, in 
the item relating to Subtotal Afghan Na-
tional Army, the amount in the Senate Au-
thorized column is deemed to be ‘‘1,001,234’’. 
(3) In the funding table in section 4301, in 
the item relating to Total Afghan Security 
Forces Fund, the amount in the Senate Au-
thorized column is deemed to be ‘‘3,218,810’’. 
(4) In the funding table in section 4301, in 
the item relating to Total Operation and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00182
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 193-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8725 
November 19, 2021 
Maintenance, the amount in the Senate Au-
thorized 
column 
is 
deemed 
to 
be 
‘‘260,462,205’’. 
DIVISION F—INTELLIGENCE AUTHORIZA-
TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2022 
SEC. 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) SHORT TITLE.—This division may be 
cited as the ‘‘Intelligence Authorization Act 
for Fiscal Year 2022’’. 
(b) TABLE OF CONTENTS.—The table of con-
tents for this division is as follows: 
DIVISION F—INTELLIGENCE AUTHORIZA-
TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2022 
Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. 
Sec. 2. Definitions. 
TITLE I—INTELLIGENCE ACTIVITIES 
Sec. 101. Authorization of appropriations. 
Sec. 102. Classified Schedule of Authoriza-
tions. 
Sec. 103. Intelligence Community Manage-
ment Account. 
TITLE 
II—CENTRAL 
INTELLIGENCE 
AGENCY 
RETIREMENT 
AND 
DIS-
ABILITY SYSTEM 
Sec. 201. Authorization of appropriations. 
TITLE III—GENERAL INTELLIGENCE 
MATTERS 
Subtitle A—Intelligence Community Matters 
Sec. 301. Increasing agricultural and com-
mercial intelligence measures. 
Sec. 302. Plan for allowing contracts with 
providers of services relating to 
sensitive compartmented infor-
mation facilities. 
Sec. 303. Plan 
to 
establish 
commercial 
geospatial intelligence data and 
services program office. 
Sec. 304. Investment strategy for commer-
cial 
geospatial 
intelligence 
services acquisition. 
Sec. 305. Central Intelligence Agency Acqui-
sition Innovation Center re-
port, strategy, and plan. 
Sec. 306. Improving authorities relating to 
national 
counterintelligence 
and security. 
Sec. 307. Removal of Chief Information Offi-
cer of the Intelligence Commu-
nity from level IV of the Execu-
tive Schedule. 
Sec. 308. Requirements relating to construc-
tion of facilities to be used pri-
marily by intelligence commu-
nity. 
Sec. 309. Director of National Intelligence 
support for intelligence com-
munity diversity, equity, inclu-
sion, and accessibility activi-
ties. 
Sec. 310. Establishment of Diversity, Equity, 
and Inclusion Officer of the In-
telligence Community. 
Sec. 311. Annual report evaluating collabo-
ration between the National 
Reconnaissance Office and the 
Space Force. 
Sec. 312. Director of National Intelligence 
declassification review of infor-
mation relating to terrorist at-
tacks of September 11, 2001. 
Sec. 313. Establishment of Chaplain Corps of 
the Central Intelligence Agen-
cy. 
Sec. 314. Pilot program on recruitment and 
retention in Office of Intel-
ligence and Analysis of the De-
partment of the Treasury. 
Sec. 315. Pilot program on student loan re-
payment at Office of Intel-
ligence and Analysis of Depart-
ment of the Treasury. 
Sec. 316. Prohibition on collection and anal-
ysis of United States persons’ 
information 
by 
intelligence 
community 
based 
on 
First 
Amendment-protected 
activi-
ties. 
Sec. 317. Sense of the Senate on the use of 
intelligence 
community 
re-
sources for collection, assess-
ment, and analysis of informa-
tion pertaining exclusively to 
United States persons absent a 
foreign nexus. 
Subtitle B—Inspector General of the 
Intelligence Community 
Sec. 321. Submittal of complaints and infor-
mation by whistleblowers in 
the intelligence community to 
Congress. 
Sec. 322. Definitions and authorities regard-
ing whistleblower complaints 
and information of urgent con-
cern 
received 
by 
Inspectors 
General 
of 
the 
intelligence 
community. 
Sec. 323. Harmonization 
of 
whistleblower 
protections. 
Sec. 324. Prohibition against disclosure of 
whistleblower identity as re-
prisal 
against 
whistleblower 
disclosure by employees and 
contractors 
in 
intelligence 
community. 
Sec. 325. Congressional oversight of con-
trolled access programs. 
Subtitle C—Reports and Assessments 
Pertaining to the Intelligence Community 
Sec. 331. Report on efforts to build an inte-
grated hybrid space architec-
ture. 
Sec. 332. Report on Project Maven transi-
tion. 
Sec. 333. Assessment of intelligence commu-
nity counternarcotics capabili-
ties. 
Sec. 334. Assessment of intelligence commu-
nity’s intelligence-sharing rela-
tionships with Latin American 
partners in counternarcotics. 
Sec. 335. Report on United States Southern 
Command intelligence capabili-
ties. 
Sec. 336. Director of National Intelligence 
report on trends in technologies 
of 
strategic 
importance 
to 
United States. 
Sec. 337. Report on Nord Stream II compa-
nies and intelligence ties. 
Sec. 338. Assessment of Organization of De-
fensive 
Innovation 
and 
Re-
search activities. 
Sec. 339. Report on intelligence community 
support to Visas Mantis pro-
gram. 
Sec. 340. Plan for artificial intelligence dig-
ital ecosystem. 
Sec. 341. Study on utility of expanded per-
sonnel management authority. 
Sec. 342. Assessment 
of 
role 
of 
foreign 
groups in domestic violent ex-
tremism. 
Sec. 343. Report on the assessment of all- 
source cyber intelligence infor-
mation, with an emphasis on 
supply chain risks. 
Sec. 344. Support for and oversight of Un-
identified 
Aerial 
Phenomena 
Task Force. 
Sec. 345. Publication of unclassified appen-
dices from reports on intel-
ligence community participa-
tion in Vulnerabilities Equities 
Process. 
Sec. 346. Report on future structure and re-
sponsibilities of Foreign Malign 
Influence Center. 
Subtitle D—People’s Republic of China 
Sec. 351. Assessment of posture and capabili-
ties of intelligence community 
with respect to actions of the 
People’s Republic of China tar-
geting Taiwan. 
Sec. 352. Plan to cooperate with intelligence 
agencies 
of 
key 
democratic 
countries 
regarding 
techno-
logical competition with Peo-
ple’s Republic of China. 
Sec. 353. Assessment of People’s Republic of 
China genomic collection. 
Sec. 354. Updates to annual reports on influ-
ence operations and campaigns 
in the United States by the Chi-
nese Communist Party. 
Sec. 355. Report on influence of People’s Re-
public of China through Belt 
and Road Initiative projects 
with other countries. 
Sec. 356. Study on the creation of an official 
digital currency by the People’s 
Republic of China. 
Sec. 357. Report on efforts of Chinese Com-
munist Party to erode freedom 
and autonomy in Hong Kong. 
Sec. 358. Report on targeting of renewable 
sectors by China. 
TITLE IV—ANOMALOUS HEALTH 
INCIDENTS 
Sec. 401. Definition of anomalous health in-
cident. 
Sec. 402. Assessment and report on inter-
agency communication relating 
to efforts to address anomalous 
health incidents. 
Sec. 403. Advisory panel on the Office of 
Medical Services of the Central 
Intelligence Agency. 
Sec. 404. Joint task force to investigate 
anomalous health incidents. 
Sec. 405. Reporting on occurrence of anoma-
lous health incidents. 
Sec. 406. Access 
to 
certain 
facilities 
of 
United States Government for 
assessment 
of 
anomalous 
health conditions. 
TITLE V—SECURITY CLEARANCES AND 
TRUSTED WORKFORCE 
Sec. 501. Exclusivity, 
consistency, 
and 
transparency in security clear-
ance procedures, and right to 
appeal. 
Sec. 502. Federal policy on sharing of cov-
ered insider threat information 
pertaining to contractor em-
ployees in the trusted work-
force. 
Sec. 503. Performance measures regarding 
timeliness for personnel mobil-
ity. 
Sec. 504. Governance of Trusted Workforce 
2.0 initiative. 
TITLE VI—OTHER INTELLIGENCE 
MATTERS 
Sec. 601. Periodic 
reports 
on 
technology 
strategy of intelligence commu-
nity. 
Sec. 602. Improvements 
relating 
to 
con-
tinuity of Privacy and Civil 
Liberties 
Oversight 
Board 
membership. 
Sec. 603. Reports on intelligence support for 
and capacity of the Sergeants 
at Arms of the Senate and the 
House of Representatives and 
the United States Capitol Po-
lice. 
Sec. 604. Study on vulnerability of Global 
Positioning System to hostile 
actions. 
Sec. 605. Authority for transportation of fed-
erally owned canines associated 
with force protection duties of 
intelligence community. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this division: 
(1) CONGRESSIONAL
INTELLIGENCE
COMMIT-
TEES.—The term ‘‘congressional intelligence 
committees’’ means— 
(A) the Select Committee on Intelligence 
and the Committee on Appropriations of the 
Senate; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00183
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 194-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8726 
November 19, 2021 
(B) the Permanent Select Committee on 
Intelligence and the Committee on Appro-
priations of the House of Representatives. 
(2) INTELLIGENCE
COMMUNITY.—The term 
‘‘intelligence community’’ has the meaning 
given such term in section 3 of the National 
Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003). 
TITLE I—INTELLIGENCE ACTIVITIES 
SEC. 101. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated for fiscal year 2022 for the conduct of 
the intelligence and intelligence-related ac-
tivities of the following elements of the 
United States Government: 
(1) The Office of the Director of National 
Intelligence. 
(2) The Central Intelligence Agency. 
(3) The Department of Defense. 
(4) The Defense Intelligence Agency. 
(5) The National Security Agency. 
(6) The Department of the Army, the De-
partment of the Navy, and the Department 
of the Air Force. 
(7) The Coast Guard. 
(8) The Department of State. 
(9) The Department of the Treasury. 
(10) The Department of Energy. 
(11) The Department of Justice. 
(12) The Federal Bureau of Investigation. 
(13) The Drug Enforcement Administra-
tion. 
(14) The National Reconnaissance Office. 
(15) The National Geospatial-Intelligence 
Agency. 
(16) The Department of Homeland Secu-
rity. 
(17) The Space Force. 
SEC. 102. CLASSIFIED SCHEDULE OF AUTHORIZA-
TIONS. 
(a) 
SPECIFICATIONS
OF
AMOUNTS.—The 
amounts authorized to be appropriated under 
section 101 for the conduct of the intel-
ligence activities of the elements listed in 
paragraphs (1) through (17) of section 101, are 
those specified in the classified Schedule of 
Authorizations prepared to accompany this 
division. 
(b) AVAILABILITY OF CLASSIFIED SCHEDULE 
OF AUTHORIZATIONS.— 
(1) AVAILABILITY.—The classified Schedule 
of Authorizations referred to in subsection 
(a) shall be made available to the Committee 
on Appropriations of the Senate, the Com-
mittee on Appropriations of the House of 
Representatives, and to the President. 
(2) DISTRIBUTION BY THE PRESIDENT.—Sub-
ject to paragraph (3), the President shall pro-
vide for suitable distribution of the classified 
Schedule of Authorizations referred to in 
subsection (a), or of appropriate portions of 
such Schedule, within the executive branch 
of the Federal Government. 
(3) LIMITS ON DISCLOSURE.—The President 
shall not publicly disclose the classified 
Schedule of Authorizations or any portion of 
such Schedule except— 
(A) as provided in section 601(a) of the Im-
plementing Recommendations of the 9/11 
Commission Act of 2007 (50 U.S.C. 3306(a)); 
(B) to the extent necessary to implement 
the budget; or 
(C) as otherwise required by law. 
SEC. 103. INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY MANAGE-
MENT ACCOUNT. 
(a) AUTHORIZATION
OF
APPROPRIATIONS.— 
There is authorized to be appropriated for 
the Intelligence Community Management 
Account of the Director of National Intel-
ligence for fiscal year 2022 the sum of 
$615,600,000. 
(b) CLASSIFIED AUTHORIZATION
OF APPRO-
PRIATIONS.—In addition to amounts author-
ized to be appropriated for the Intelligence 
Community Management Account by sub-
section (a), there are authorized to be appro-
priated for the Intelligence Community Man-
agement Account for fiscal year 2022 such ad-
ditional amounts as are specified in the clas-
sified Schedule of Authorizations referred to 
in section 102(a). 
TITLE II—CENTRAL INTELLIGENCE AGEN-
CY RETIREMENT AND DISABILITY SYS-
TEM 
SEC. 201. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
There is authorized to be appropriated for 
the Central Intelligence Agency Retirement 
and Disability Fund $514,000,000 for fiscal 
year 2022. 
TITLE III—GENERAL INTELLIGENCE 
MATTERS 
Subtitle A—Intelligence Community Matters 
SEC. 301. INCREASING AGRICULTURAL AND COM-
MERCIAL 
INTELLIGENCE 
MEAS-
URES. 
(a) DEFINITION
OF
APPROPRIATE
COMMIT-
TEES OF CONGRESS.—In this section, the term 
‘‘appropriate 
committees 
of 
Congress’’ 
means— 
(1) the Committee on Agriculture, Nutri-
tion, and Forestry, the Committee on Armed 
Services, the Committee on Commerce, 
Science, and Transportation, the Committee 
on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, and 
the Select Committee on Intelligence of the 
Senate; and 
(2) the Committee on Agriculture, the 
Committee on Armed Services, the Com-
mittee on Energy and Commerce, the Com-
mittee on Financial Services, and the Per-
manent Select Committee on Intelligence of 
the House of Representatives. 
(b) REPORT REQUIRED.—Not later than 120 
days after the date of the enactment of this 
Act, the Director of National Intelligence, in 
consultation with other appropriate Federal 
Government entities, shall submit to the ap-
propriate committees of Congress a report 
detailing the options for the intelligence 
community to improve intelligence support 
to the Department of Agriculture and the 
Department of Commerce. 
(c) FORM.—The report required under sub-
section (b) shall be submitted in unclassified 
form, but may include a classified annex, if 
necessary. 
SEC. 302. PLAN FOR ALLOWING CONTRACTS WITH 
PROVIDERS OF SERVICES RELATING 
TO SENSITIVE COMPARTMENTED IN-
FORMATION FACILITIES. 
(a) DEFINITION
OF
APPROPRIATE
COMMIT-
TEES OF CONGRESS.—In this section, the term 
‘‘appropriate 
committees 
of 
Congress’’ 
means— 
(1) the congressional intelligence commit-
tees; 
(2) the Committee on Armed Services of 
the Senate; and 
(3) the Committee on Armed Services of 
the House of Representatives. 
(b) PLAN REQUIRED.—Not later than 180 
days after the date of the enactment of this 
Act, the Director of National Intelligence 
shall submit to the appropriate committees 
of Congress a plan for allowing elements of 
the intelligence community to contract with 
providers of services relating to sensitive 
compartmented information facilities for use 
of those facilities by businesses and organi-
zations on contracts at multiple security 
levels. 
(c) ELEMENTS.—The plan required by sub-
section (b) shall include the following: 
(1) An explanation of how the Director of 
National Intelligence will leverage the con-
tracting methodology the National Recon-
naissance Office has used to provide leased 
sensitive compartmented information facil-
ity space to businesses and organizations. 
(2) 
Policy 
and 
budget 
guidance 
to 
incentivize Federal agencies to implement 
the plan required by subsection (b). 
SEC. 303. PLAN TO ESTABLISH COMMERCIAL 
GEOSPATIAL INTELLIGENCE DATA 
AND SERVICES PROGRAM OFFICE. 
(a) DEFINITION
OF
APPROPRIATE
COMMIT-
TEES OF CONGRESS.—In this section, the term 
‘‘appropriate 
committees 
of 
Congress’’ 
means— 
(1) the congressional intelligence commit-
tees; 
(2) the Committee on Armed Services of 
the Senate; and 
(3) the Committee on Armed Services of 
the House of Representatives. 
(b) PLAN REQUIRED.—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
the Director of the National Reconnaissance 
Office and the Director of the National 
Geospatial-Intelligence Agency, in consulta-
tion with the Director of National Intel-
ligence, shall jointly develop and submit to 
the appropriate committees of Congress a 
plan to establish a colocated joint commer-
cial geospatial intelligence data and services 
program office. 
(c) CONTENTS.—The plan required by sub-
section (b) shall include the following: 
(1) Milestones for implementation of the 
plan. 
(2) An updated acquisition strategy that— 
(A) provides for an annual evaluation of 
new 
commercially 
available 
capabilities 
with opportunities for new entrants; 
(B) provides for a flexible contract ap-
proach that will rapidly leverage innovative 
commercial geospatial intelligence data ca-
pabilities to meet new intelligence chal-
lenges informed by operational require-
ments; and 
(C) considers efficiencies to be gained from 
closely 
coordinated 
acquisitions 
of 
geospatial intelligence data and services. 
(3) An organizational structure of the joint 
office that— 
(A) shares responsibilities and equities be-
tween the National Reconnaissance Office 
and the National Geospatial-Intelligence 
Agency; 
(B) specifies as the head of the office a rep-
resentative from the National Geospatial-In-
telligence Agency; and 
(C) specifies as the deputy head of the of-
fice a representative from the National Re-
connaissance Office. 
SEC. 304. INVESTMENT STRATEGY FOR COMMER-
CIAL 
GEOSPATIAL 
INTELLIGENCE 
SERVICES ACQUISITION. 
(a) DEFINITION
OF
APPROPRIATE
COMMIT-
TEES OF CONGRESS.—In this section, the term 
‘‘appropriate 
committees 
of 
Congress’’ 
means— 
(1) the congressional intelligence commit-
tees; 
(2) the Committee on Armed Services and 
the Committee on Appropriations of the Sen-
ate; and 
(3) the Committee on Armed Services and 
the Committee on Appropriations of the 
House of Representatives. 
(b) STRATEGY REQUIRED.—Not later than 90 
days after the date of the enactment of this 
Act, the Director of the National Geospatial- 
Intelligence Agency, in consultation with 
the Director of National Intelligence and the 
Secretary of Defense, shall submit to the ap-
propriate committees of Congress an invest-
ment strategy for the acquisition of commer-
cial geospatial intelligence data services and 
analytics by the National Geospatial-Intel-
ligence Agency. 
(c) CONTENTS.—The strategy required by 
subsection (b) shall include the following: 
(1) A plan to increase purchases of unclas-
sified geospatial intelligence data services 
and analytics to meet global mission re-
quirements of the National Geospatial-Intel-
ligence Agency while maximizing enterprise 
access agreements for procured data and 
services. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00184
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 195-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8727 
November 19, 2021 
(2) An articulation of the relationship be-
tween geospatial intelligence data and serv-
ices and how such data and services are pur-
chased, identifying in particular any chal-
lenges to procuring such services inde-
pendent of the underlying data. 
SEC. 305. CENTRAL INTELLIGENCE AGENCY AC-
QUISITION INNOVATION CENTER RE-
PORT, STRATEGY, AND PLAN. 
(a) REQUIREMENT FOR REPORT AND STRAT-
EGY.—Not later than 120 days after the date 
of the enactment of this Act, the Director of 
the Central Intelligence Agency shall submit 
to the congressional intelligence commit-
tees— 
(1) a report stating the mission and pur-
pose of the Acquisition Innovation Center of 
the Agency; and 
(2) a strategy for incorporating the Acqui-
sition Innovation Center into the standard 
operating procedures and procurement and 
acquisition practices of the Agency. 
(b) 
REQUIREMENT
FOR
IMPLEMENTATION 
PLAN.—Not later than 120 days after the date 
of the enactment of this Act, the Director 
shall, using the findings of the Director with 
respect to the report submitted under sub-
section (a)(1), submit to the congressional 
intelligence committees an implementation 
plan that addresses— 
(1) how the Director will ensure the con-
tracting officers of the Agency and the tech-
nical representatives of the Acquisition In-
novation Center for the contracting officers 
have access to the technical expertise re-
quired to inform requirements development, 
technology maturity assessments, and moni-
toring of acquisitions; 
(2) how the plan specifically applies to 
technical industries, including telecommuni-
cations, software, aerospace, and large-scale 
construction; and 
(3) projections for resources necessary to 
support the Acquisition Innovation Center, 
including staff, training, and contracting 
support tools. 
SEC. 306. IMPROVING AUTHORITIES RELATING 
TO 
NATIONAL 
COUNTERINTEL-
LIGENCE AND SECURITY. 
(a) DUTIES
OF
THE DIRECTOR
OF
THE NA-
TIONAL COUNTERINTELLIGENCE AND SECURITY 
CENTER.—Section 902(c) of the Counterintel-
ligence Enhancement Act of 2002 (50 U.S.C. 
3382(c)) is amended by adding at the end the 
following: 
‘‘(5) To organize and lead strategic plan-
ning for counterintelligence activities in 
support 
of 
National 
Counterintelligence 
Strategy objectives and other national coun-
terintelligence priorities by integrating all 
instruments of national power, including 
diplomatic, financial, military, intelligence, 
homeland security, and coordination with 
law 
enforcement 
activities, 
within 
and 
among Federal agencies.’’. 
(b) CHANGES TO THE FUNCTIONS OF THE NA-
TIONAL COUNTERINTELLIGENCE AND SECURITY 
CENTER.— 
(1) EVALUATION OF IMPLEMENTATION OF NA-
TIONAL
COUNTERINTELLIGENCE
STRATEGY.— 
Paragraph (3) of section 904(d) of such Act (50 
U.S.C. 3383(d)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(3) IMPLEMENTATION
OF
NATIONAL
COUN-
TERINTELLIGENCE STRATEGY.—To evaluate on 
an ongoing basis the implementation of the 
National Counterintelligence Strategy by 
the intelligence community and other appro-
priate elements of the United States Govern-
ment and to submit to the President, the 
congressional intelligence committees (as 
defined in section 3 of the National Security 
Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003)), the National Se-
curity Council, the Director of the Office of 
Management and Budget, and the National 
Counterintelligence Policy Board periodic 
reports on such evaluation, including a dis-
cussion of any shortfalls in the implementa-
tion of the Strategy and recommendations 
for remedies for such shortfalls.’’. 
(2) NATIONAL
COUNTERINTELLIGENCE
PRO-
GRAM BUDGET.—Paragraph (5) of such section 
is amended— 
(A) in subparagraph (A)— 
(i) by inserting ‘‘oversee and’’ before ‘‘co-
ordinate’’; and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘in furtherance of the Na-
tional 
Counterintelligence 
Strategy 
and 
other strategic counterintelligence prior-
ities’’ before ‘‘of the Department of De-
fense’’; and 
(B) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘the 
National Security Council’’ and inserting 
‘‘the congressional intelligence committees 
(as defined in section 3 of the National Secu-
rity Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003)), the National 
Security Council, the Director of the Office 
of Management and Budget, and the Na-
tional Counterintelligence Policy Board’’. 
(3) NATIONAL
COUNTERINTELLIGENCE
OUT-
REACH, WATCH, AND WARNING.— 
(A) COUNTERINTELLIGENCE
VULNERABILITY 
RISK
ASSESSMENTS.—Subparagraph 
(A) 
of 
paragraph (7) of such section is amended by 
striking ‘‘surveys of the vulnerability of the 
United States Government, and the private 
sector,’’ and inserting ‘‘counterintelligence 
risk assessments and surveys of the vulner-
ability of the United States’’. 
(B) OUTREACH.—Subparagraph (B) of such 
paragraph is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(B) OUTREACH.— 
‘‘(i) OUTREACH PROGRAMS AND ACTIVITIES.— 
To carry out and coordinate, consistent with 
other applicable provisions of law and in con-
sultation with appropriate Federal depart-
ments and agencies, outreach programs and 
outreach activities on counterintelligence to 
other elements of the United States Govern-
ment, State, local, and Tribal governments, 
foreign governments and allies of the United 
States, the private sector, and United States 
academic institutions. 
‘‘(ii) PUBLIC WARNINGS.—To coordinate the 
dissemination to the public of warnings on 
intelligence threats to the United States.’’. 
SEC. 307. REMOVAL OF CHIEF INFORMATION OF-
FICER OF THE INTELLIGENCE COM-
MUNITY FROM LEVEL IV OF THE EX-
ECUTIVE SCHEDULE. 
Section 5315 of title 5, United States Code, 
is amended by striking ‘‘Chief Information 
Officer of the Intelligence Community’’. 
SEC. 308. REQUIREMENTS RELATING TO CON-
STRUCTION OF FACILITIES TO BE 
USED PRIMARILY BY INTELLIGENCE 
COMMUNITY. 
Section 602(a) of the Intelligence Author-
ization Act for Fiscal Year 1995 (50 U.S.C. 
3304(a)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘$5,000,000’’ 
and inserting ‘‘$6,000,000’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘$5,000,000’’ 
and inserting ‘‘$6,000,000’’. 
SEC. 
309. 
DIRECTOR 
OF 
NATIONAL 
INTEL-
LIGENCE 
SUPPORT 
FOR 
INTEL-
LIGENCE 
COMMUNITY 
DIVERSITY, 
EQUITY, INCLUSION, AND ACCESSI-
BILITY ACTIVITIES. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Title XI of the National 
Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3231 et. seq.) is 
amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 1111. SUPPORT FOR INTELLIGENCE COM-
MUNITY DIVERSITY, EQUITY, INCLU-
SION, AND ACCESSIBILITY ACTIVI-
TIES. 
‘‘(a) DEFINITION
OF
COVERED
WORKFORCE 
ACTIVITIES.—In this section, the term ‘cov-
ered workforce activities’ includes— 
‘‘(1) activities relating to the recruitment 
or retention of personnel in the workforce of 
the intelligence community; and 
‘‘(2) activities relating to the workforce of 
the intelligence community and diversity, 
equity, inclusion, or accessibility. 
‘‘(b) 
AUTHORITY
TO
SUPPORT
COVERED 
WORKFORCE
ACTIVITIES.—Notwithstanding 
any other provision of law and subject to the 
availability of appropriations made available 
to the Director of National Intelligence for 
covered workforce activities, the Director 
may, with or without reimbursement, sup-
port such covered workforce activities of the 
various elements of the intelligence commu-
nity as the Director determines will benefit 
the intelligence community as a whole.’’. 
(b) CLERICAL
AMENDMENT.—The table of 
contents at the beginning of such Act is 
amended by inserting after the item relating 
to section 1110 the following: 
‘‘Sec. 1111. Support for intelligence commu-
nity diversity, equity, inclu-
sion, and accessibility activi-
ties.’’. 
SEC. 310. ESTABLISHMENT OF DIVERSITY, EQ-
UITY, AND INCLUSION OFFICER OF 
THE INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Title I of the National Se-
curity Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3021 et seq.) is 
amended by inserting after section 103J (50 
U.S.C. 3034a) the following: 
‘‘SEC. 103K. DIVERSITY, EQUITY, AND INCLUSION 
OFFICER 
OF 
THE 
INTELLIGENCE 
COMMUNITY. 
‘‘(a) DIVERSITY, EQUITY, AND INCLUSION OF-
FICER
OF
THE
INTELLIGENCE
COMMUNITY.— 
Within the Office of the Director of National 
Intelligence, there is a Diversity, Equity, 
and Inclusion Officer of the Intelligence 
Community who shall be appointed by the 
Director of National Intelligence. 
‘‘(b) DUTIES.—The Diversity, Equity, and 
Inclusion Officer of the Intelligence Commu-
nity shall— 
‘‘(1) serve as the principal advisor to the 
Director of National Intelligence and the 
Principal Deputy Director of National Intel-
ligence on diversity, equity, and inclusion in 
the intelligence community; 
‘‘(2) lead the development and implementa-
tion of strategies and initiatives to advance 
diversity, equity, and inclusion in the intel-
ligence community; and 
‘‘(3) perform such other duties, consistent 
with paragraphs (1) and (2), as may be pre-
scribed by the Director. 
‘‘(c) ANNUAL REPORTS
TO CONGRESS.—Not 
less frequently than once each year, the Di-
versity, Equity, and Inclusion Officer of the 
Intelligence Community shall submit to the 
congressional intelligence communities a re-
port on the implementation of the strategies 
and initiatives developed pursuant to sub-
section (b)(2) and the execution of related ex-
penditures. 
‘‘(d) PROHIBITION ON SIMULTANEOUS SERVICE 
AS OTHER DIVERSITY, EQUITY, AND INCLUSION 
OR EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY OFFI-
CER.—An individual serving in the position 
of Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Officer of 
the Intelligence Community may not, while 
so serving, serve as either the Diversity, Eq-
uity, and Inclusion Officer or the Equal Em-
ployment Opportunity Officer of any other 
department or agency, or component thereof, 
of the United States Government.’’. 
(b) CLERICAL
AMENDMENT.—The table of 
contents at the beginning of such Act is 
amended by inserting after the item relating 
to section 103J the following: 
‘‘Sec. 103K. Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion 
Officer of the Intelligence Com-
munity.’’. 
(c) LIMITATION.—None of the funds author-
ized to be appropriated by this Act may be 
used to increase the number of full-time 
equivalent employees of the Office of the Di-
rector of National Intelligence in order to 
carry out section 103K of such Act, as added 
by subsection (a). 
SEC. 311. ANNUAL REPORT EVALUATING COL-
LABORATION 
BETWEEN 
THE 
NA-
TIONAL RECONNAISSANCE OFFICE 
AND THE SPACE FORCE. 
(a) DEFINITION
OF
APPROPRIATE
COMMIT-
TEES OF CONGRESS.—In this section, the term 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00185
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 196-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8728 
November 19, 2021 
‘‘appropriate 
committees 
of 
Congress’’ 
means— 
(1) the congressional intelligence commit-
tees; and 
(2) the congressional defense committees 
(as defined in section 101(a) of title 10, United 
States Code). 
(b) ANNUAL REPORT.—Not later than 180 
days after the date of the enactment of this 
Act and not less frequently than once each 
year thereafter for 5 years, the Secretary of 
the Air Force and the Director of National 
Intelligence shall jointly, in consultation 
with the Under Secretary of Defense for In-
telligence and Security, submit to the appro-
priate committees of Congress a report eval-
uating the partnership between the National 
Reconnaissance Office and the Space Force. 
(c) 
CONTENTS.—Each 
report 
submitted 
under subsection (b) shall include the fol-
lowing: 
(1) A description of the division of labor be-
tween the National Reconnaissance Office 
and the Space Force, including— 
(A) shared missions and programs; and 
(B) methods of collaboration. 
(2) An evaluation of the ways in which the 
National Reconnaissance Office and the 
Space Force are partnering on missions and 
programs, including identification of lessons 
learned for improving collaboration and 
deconflicting activities in the future. 
(3) An examination of how resources pro-
vided from the National Intelligence Pro-
gram and the Military Intelligence Program 
are allocated to or transferred between the 
National Reconnaissance Office and the 
Space Force. 
SEC. 
312. 
DIRECTOR 
OF 
NATIONAL 
INTEL-
LIGENCE 
DECLASSIFICATION 
RE-
VIEW OF INFORMATION RELATING 
TO TERRORIST ATTACKS OF SEP-
TEMBER 11, 2001. 
(a) DECLASSIFICATION REVIEW REQUIRED.— 
Not later than 30 days after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the Director of Na-
tional Intelligence shall, in coordination 
with the Director of the Federal Bureau of 
Investigation, the Director of the Central In-
telligence Agency, and the heads of such 
other elements of the intelligence commu-
nity as the Director of National Intelligence 
considers appropriate, commence a declas-
sification review, which the Director of Na-
tional Intelligence shall complete not later 
than 120 days after the date of the enactment 
of this Act, to determine what additional in-
formation relating to the terrorist attacks of 
September 11, 2001, can be appropriately de-
classified and shared with the public. 
(b) INFORMATION COVERED.—The informa-
tion reviewed under subsection (a) shall in-
clude the following: 
(1) Information relating to the direction, 
facilitation, and other support provided to 
the individuals who carried out the terrorist 
attacks of September 11, 2001. 
(2) Information from Operation Encore and 
the PENTTBOM investigation of the Federal 
Bureau of Investigation. 
(c) REPORT.—Not later than 120 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the 
Director of National Intelligence shall sub-
mit to the Select Committee on Intelligence 
of the Senate and the Permanent Select 
Committee on Intelligence of the House of 
Representatives a report on the findings of 
the Director with respect to the declassifica-
tion review conducted under subsection (a). 
SEC. 313. ESTABLISHMENT OF CHAPLAIN CORPS 
OF THE CENTRAL INTELLIGENCE 
AGENCY. 
The Central Intelligence Agency Act of 
1949 (50 U.S.C. 3501 et seq.) is amended by 
adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 26. CHAPLAIN CORPS AND CHIEF OF CHAP-
LAINS. 
‘‘(a) ESTABLISHMENT OF CHAPLAIN CORPS.— 
There is in the Agency a Chaplain Corps for 
the provision of spiritual or religious pas-
toral services. 
‘‘(b) CHIEF OF CHAPLAINS.—The head of the 
Chaplain Corps shall be the Chief of Chap-
lains, who shall be appointed by the Direc-
tor. 
‘‘(c) STAFF AND ADMINISTRATION.— 
‘‘(1) STAFF.—The Director may appoint and 
fix the compensation of such staff of the 
Chaplain Corps as the Director considers ap-
propriate, except that the Director may 
not— 
‘‘(A) appoint more than 10 full-time equiva-
lent positions; or 
‘‘(B) provide basic pay to any member of 
the staff of the Chaplain Corps at an annual 
rate of basic pay in excess of the maximum 
rate of basic pay for grade GS–15 as provided 
in section 5332 of title 5, United States Code. 
‘‘(2) ADMINISTRATION.—The Director may— 
‘‘(A) reimburse members of the staff of the 
Chaplain Corps for work-related travel ex-
penses; 
‘‘(B) provide security clearances to such 
members; and 
‘‘(C) furnish such physical workspace at 
the headquarters building of the Agency as 
the Director considers appropriate.’’. 
SEC. 314. PILOT PROGRAM ON RECRUITMENT 
AND RETENTION IN OFFICE OF IN-
TELLIGENCE AND ANALYSIS OF THE 
DEPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY. 
(a) PILOT PROGRAM REQUIRED.—The Assist-
ant Secretary for Intelligence and Analysis 
in the Department of the Treasury shall 
carry out a pilot program to assess the feasi-
bility and advisability of using adjustments 
of rates of pay to recruit and retain staff for 
high-demand positions in the Office of Intel-
ligence and Analysis of the Department of 
the Treasury. 
(b) DURATION.—The Assistant Secretary 
shall carry out the pilot program required by 
subsection (a) during the 4-year period begin-
ning on the date of the enactment of this 
Act. 
(c) ADDITIONAL PAY.—Under the pilot pro-
gram required by subsection (a), the Assist-
ant Secretary shall, notwithstanding any 
provision of title 5, United States Code, gov-
erning the rates of pay or classification of 
employees in the executive branch, prescribe 
the rate of basic pay for financial and cyber 
intelligence analyst positions designated 
under subsection (d) at rates— 
(1) not greater than 130 percent of the max-
imum basic rate of pay and locality pay that 
such positions would otherwise be eligible 
for; and 
(2) not greater than the rate of basic pay 
payable for level II of the Executive Sched-
ule under section 5313 of title 5, United 
States Code. 
(d) DESIGNATED POSITIONS.— 
(1) IN
GENERAL.—Except as provided in 
paragraph (2), under the pilot program re-
quired by subsection (a), the Assistant Sec-
retary shall designate not fewer than 5 per-
cent and not more than 25 percent of the 
total number of positions in the Office, in-
cluding positions to be filled by new hires, as 
financial or cyber intelligence analyst posi-
tions eligible for the additional pay under 
subsection (c). 
(2) CURRENT
EMPLOYEES.—The Assistant 
Secretary may designate under paragraph (1) 
a position filled by an employee who was em-
ployed in that position on the day before the 
date of the enactment of this Act only if the 
employee was in the top one-third of per-
formance rankings for the position within 
the Office for the duration of the 2-year pe-
riod ending on the date of the enactment of 
this Act. 
(e) BRIEFING ON THE PILOT PROGRAM.—Not 
later than 180 days after the date of the en-
actment of this Act and not less frequently 
than once each year thereafter for the dura-
tion of the period set forth in subsection (b), 
the Assistant Secretary shall provide the 
congressional intelligence committees and 
the Director of National Intelligence with a 
briefing on the pilot program required by 
subsection (a). 
(f) REPORT
ON
THE PILOT PROGRAM.—Not 
later than 180 days before the last day of the 
period set forth in subsection (b), the Assist-
ant Secretary shall submit to the congres-
sional intelligence committees, the Com-
mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-
mental Affairs of the Senate, the Committee 
on Oversight and Reform of the House of 
Representatives, and the Director of Na-
tional Intelligence a report on the effective-
ness of the pilot program and recommenda-
tions on whether the pilot program should be 
extended, modified, or ended. 
(g) RECOMMENDATIONS OF DIRECTOR OF NA-
TIONAL INTELLIGENCE.—Not later than 3 years 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
the Director shall submit to the congres-
sional intelligence committees recommenda-
tions as to— 
(1) which, if any, other elements of the in-
telligence community would benefit from a 
program similar to the pilot program re-
quired by subsection (a); and 
(2) what, if any, modifications the Director 
would recommend for such elements. 
(h) RETENTION
OF PRESCRIBED RATES
OF 
PAY
AFTER
TERMINATION
OF
PILOT
PRO-
GRAM.—After the period set forth in sub-
section (b), the Assistant Secretary may con-
tinue to pay a person, who received pay dur-
ing such period pursuant to a rate of basic 
pay prescribed under subsection (c), at a rate 
of basic pay not to exceed the rate of basic 
pay that was in effect for the person on the 
day before the last day of such period, until 
such time as the applicable rate of basic pay 
for the person under the General Schedule 
exceeds the rate of basic pay that was so in 
effect under subsection (c). 
SEC. 315. PILOT PROGRAM ON STUDENT LOAN 
REPAYMENT AT OFFICE OF INTEL-
LIGENCE AND ANALYSIS OF DEPART-
MENT OF THE TREASURY. 
(a) PILOT PROGRAM.— 
(1) ESTABLISHMENT.—The Assistant Sec-
retary for Intelligence and Analysis in the 
Department of the Treasury shall carry out 
a pilot program to assess the feasibility and 
advisability of using repayment of loans on 
behalf of persons that were used by the per-
sons to finance education as a recruitment 
incentive for employment at the Office of In-
telligence and Analysis of China specialists, 
data scientists, cyber specialists, and others 
with any other analytic or technical capa-
bilities that are in high demand by the Of-
fice. 
(b) LOAN REPAYMENTS.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—Under the pilot program, 
the Assistant Secretary may repay the prin-
cipal, interest, and related expenses of a loan 
obtained by a covered person to finance edu-
cation. 
(2) COVERED
PERSONS.—For purposes of 
paragraph (1), a covered person is a person 
who agrees to an offer from the Assistant 
Secretary to participate in the pilot program 
before beginning employment in the Office. 
(3) LIMITATION
ON
TOTAL
AMOUNT.—Under 
the pilot program, the Assistant Secretary 
may repay not more than $100,000 on behalf 
of any one person. 
(4) LIMITATION ON ANNUAL AMOUNT OF PAY-
MENTS.—Under the pilot program, the Assist-
ant Secretary may repay not more than 
$15,000 on behalf of any one person in any one 
fiscal year. 
(5) TIMING AND PERIOD OF PAYMENTS.—In re-
paying a loan of a person under the pilot pro-
gram, the Assistant Secretary shall make 
payments— 
(A) on a monthly basis; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00186
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 197-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8729 
November 19, 2021 
(B) only during the period beginning on the 
date on which the person begins employment 
with the Office and ending on the date on 
which the person leaves employment with 
the Office. 
(c) DURATION.—The Assistant Secretary 
shall carry out the pilot program during the 
period of fiscal years 2022 through 2024. 
(d) LIMITATION
ON
NUMBER
OF
PARTICI-
PANTS.—The total number of individuals re-
ceiving a loan repayment under the pilot 
program during any fiscal year may not ex-
ceed 10. 
(e) ADMINISTRATION.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—In carrying out the pilot 
program, the Assistant Secretary shall— 
(A) establish such requirements relating to 
the academic or specialized training of par-
ticipants as the Assistant Secretary con-
siders appropriate to ensure that partici-
pants are prepared for employment as intel-
ligence analysts; and 
(B) periodically review the areas of high 
demand for particular analytic or technical 
capabilities and determine which academic 
areas of specialization may be most useful in 
addressing that demand. 
(2) USE
OF
EXISTING
PROGRAMS.—The As-
sistant Secretary shall assess the feasibility 
and advisability of administering the pilot 
program by leveraging student loan pro-
grams of the Department of the Treasury 
that were in effect on the day before the date 
of the enactment of this Act. 
(f) REPORTS.— 
(1) PRELIMINARY
REPORT.—Not later than 
120 days after the date of the enactment of 
this Act, the Assistant Secretary shall sub-
mit to Congress a preliminary report on the 
pilot program, including a description of the 
pilot program and the authorities to be uti-
lized in carrying out the pilot program. 
(2) ANNUAL REPORT.— 
(A) IN GENERAL.—Not later than one year 
after the commencement of the pilot pro-
gram and annually thereafter until the pro-
gram ends, the Assistant Secretary shall 
submit to the congressional intelligence 
committees and the Director of National In-
telligence a report on the pilot program. 
(B) 
CONTENTS.—Each 
report 
submitted 
under subparagraph (A) shall include— 
(i) a description of the activities under the 
pilot program, including the number of indi-
viduals who participated in the pilot pro-
gram; 
(ii) an assessment of the effectiveness of 
the pilot program as a recruitment tool; and 
(iii) such recommendations for legislative 
or administrative action as the Assistant 
Secretary considers appropriate in light of 
the pilot program. 
(3) RECOMMENDATIONS.—Not later than 2 
years after the commencement of the pilot 
program, the Director of National Intel-
ligence shall submit to the congressional in-
telligence committees the recommendations 
of the Director as to which, if any, other ele-
ments of the intelligence community would 
benefit from establishing a loan repayment 
program similar to the pilot program re-
quired by subsection (a), and what, if any, 
modifications 
the 
Director 
would 
rec-
ommend to the program if it were estab-
lished. 
(g) FUNDING.—Of the amounts authorized 
to be appropriated by this Act, $1,300,000 
shall be available until expended to carry 
out this section. Of such amounts— 
(1) $1,000,000 shall be available for repay-
ment of loans; and 
(2) $300,000 shall be available for a period of 
2 years during the pilot program to hire per-
sonnel to administer the pilot program. 
SEC. 316. PROHIBITION ON COLLECTION AND 
ANALYSIS OF UNITED STATES PER-
SONS’ 
INFORMATION 
BY 
INTEL-
LIGENCE 
COMMUNITY 
BASED 
ON 
FIRST AMENDMENT-PROTECTED AC-
TIVITIES. 
No element of the intelligence community 
may collect or analyze a United States per-
son’s information solely upon the basis of an 
activity protected by the First Amendment 
to the Constitution of the United States. 
SEC. 317. SENSE OF THE SENATE ON THE USE OF 
INTELLIGENCE 
COMMUNITY 
RE-
SOURCES FOR COLLECTION, ASSESS-
MENT, AND ANALYSIS OF INFORMA-
TION PERTAINING EXCLUSIVELY TO 
UNITED STATES PERSONS ABSENT A 
FOREIGN NEXUS. 
It is the sense of the Senate that— 
(1) the Federal Bureau of Investigation and 
the Department of Homeland Security do 
vital work in enforcing the rule of law and 
safeguarding the people of the United States 
from harm; 
(2) the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism 
Prevention Act of 2004 (Public Law 108–458; 
118 Stat. 3638) sought to facilitate greater in-
formation sharing between law enforcement 
and intelligence communities for the pur-
pose of thwarting attacks on the homeland 
from international terrorist organizations; 
(3) National Intelligence Program funds 
should be expended only in support of intel-
ligence activities with a foreign nexus con-
sistent with the definition of intelligence 
provided by Congress in section 3 of the Na-
tional Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003); 
and 
(4) the intelligence community should not 
engage in the collection, assessment, or 
analysis of information that pertains exclu-
sively to United States persons absent a for-
eign nexus. 
Subtitle B—Inspector General of the 
Intelligence Community 
SEC. 321. SUBMITTAL OF COMPLAINTS AND IN-
FORMATION BY WHISTLEBLOWERS 
IN THE INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY 
TO CONGRESS. 
(a) AMENDMENTS
TO
INSPECTOR
GENERAL 
ACT OF 1978.— 
(1) APPOINTMENT OF SECURITY OFFICERS.— 
Section 8H of the Inspector General Act of 
1978 (5 U.S.C. App.) is amended— 
(A) by redesignating subsection (h) as sub-
section (i); and 
(B) by inserting after subsection (g) the 
following: 
‘‘(h) APPOINTMENT OF SECURITY OFFICERS.— 
Each Inspector General under this section, 
including the designees of the Inspector Gen-
eral of the Department of Defense pursuant 
to subsection (a)(3), shall appoint within 
their offices security officers to provide, on a 
permanent basis, confidential, security-re-
lated guidance and direction to an employee 
of their respective establishment, an em-
ployee assigned or detailed to such establish-
ment, or an employee of a contractor of such 
establishment who intends to report to Con-
gress a complaint or information, so that 
such employee can obtain direction on how 
to report to Congress in accordance with ap-
propriate security practices.’’. 
(2) PROCEDURES.—Subsection (d) of such 
section is amended— 
(A) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘or any 
other committee of jurisdiction of the Sen-
ate or the House of Representatives’’ after 
‘‘either or both of the intelligence commit-
tees’’; 
(B) by amending paragraph (2) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(2)(A) Except as provided in subparagraph 
(B), the employee may contact an intel-
ligence committee or another committee of 
jurisdiction directly as described in para-
graph (1) of this subsection or in subsection 
(a)(4) only if the employee— 
‘‘(i) before making such a contact, fur-
nishes to the head of the establishment, 
through the Inspector General (or designee), 
a statement of the employee’s complaint or 
information and notice of the employee’s in-
tent to contact an intelligence committee or 
another committee of jurisdiction of the 
Senate or the House of Representatives di-
rectly; and 
‘‘(ii)(I) obtains and follows from the head 
of the establishment, through the Inspector 
General (or designee), procedural direction 
on how to contact an intelligence committee 
or another committee of jurisdiction of the 
Senate or the House of Representatives in 
accordance with appropriate security prac-
tices; or 
‘‘(II) obtains and follows such procedural 
direction from the applicable security officer 
appointed under subsection (h). 
‘‘(B) If an employee seeks procedural direc-
tion under subparagraph (A)(ii) and does not 
receive such procedural direction within 30 
days, or receives insufficient direction to re-
port to Congress a complaint or information, 
the employee may contact an intelligence 
committee or any other committee of juris-
diction of the Senate or the House of Rep-
resentatives directly without obtaining or 
following the procedural direction otherwise 
required under such subparagraph.’’; and 
(C) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-
graph (4); and 
(D) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(3) An employee of an element of the in-
telligence community who intends to report 
to Congress a complaint or information may 
report such complaint or information to the 
Chairman and Vice Chairman or Chairman 
and Ranking Member of an intelligence com-
mittee or another committee of jurisdiction 
of the Senate or the House of Representa-
tives, a nonpartisan member of the com-
mittee staff designated for purposes of re-
ceiving complaints or information under this 
section, or a member of the majority staff 
and a member of the minority staff of the 
committee.’’. 
(3) CLARIFICATION OF RIGHT TO REPORT DI-
RECTLY TO CONGRESS.—Subsection (a) of such 
section is amended by adding at the end the 
following: 
‘‘(4) Subject to paragraphs (2) and (3) of 
subsection (d), an employee of an element of 
the intelligence community who intends to 
report to Congress a complaint or informa-
tion may report such complaint or informa-
tion directly to Congress, regardless of 
whether the complaint or information is 
with respect to an urgent concern— 
‘‘(A) in lieu of reporting such complaint or 
information under paragraph (1); or 
‘‘(B) in addition to reporting such com-
plaint or information under paragraph (1).’’. 
(b) AMENDMENTS
TO
NATIONAL
SECURITY 
ACT OF 1947.— 
(1) APPOINTMENT OF SECURITY OFFICERS.— 
Section 103H(j) of the National Security Act 
of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3033(j)) is amended by add-
ing at the end the following: 
‘‘(5) The Inspector General shall appoint 
within the Office of the Inspector General se-
curity officers as required by subsection (h) 
of section 8H of the Inspector General Act of 
1978 (5 U.S.C. App.).’’. 
(2) PROCEDURES.—Subparagraph (D) of sec-
tion 103H(k)(5) of such Act (50 U.S.C. 
3033(k)(5)) is amended— 
(A) in clause (i), by inserting ‘‘or any other 
committee of jurisdiction of the Senate or 
the House of Representatives’’ after ‘‘either 
or both of the congressional intelligence 
committees’’; 
(B) by amending clause (ii) to read as fol-
lows: 
‘‘(ii)(I) Except as provided in subclause (II), 
an employee may contact a congressional in-
telligence committee or another committee 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00187
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 198-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8730 
November 19, 2021 
of jurisdiction directly as described in clause 
(i) only if the employee— 
‘‘(aa) before making such a contact, fur-
nishes to the Director, through the Inspector 
General, a statement of the employee’s com-
plaint or information and notice of the em-
ployee’s intent to contact a congressional in-
telligence committee or another committee 
of jurisdiction of the Senate or the House of 
Representatives directly; and 
‘‘(bb)(AA) obtains and follows from the Di-
rector, through the Inspector General, proce-
dural direction on how to contact a congres-
sional intelligence committee or another 
committee of jurisdiction of the Senate or 
the House of Representatives in accordance 
with appropriate security practices; or 
‘‘(BB) obtains and follows such procedural 
direction from the applicable security officer 
appointed under section 8H(h) of the Inspec-
tor General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.). 
‘‘(II) If an employee seeks procedural direc-
tion under subclause (I)(bb) and does not re-
ceive such procedural direction within 30 
days, or receives insufficient direction to re-
port to Congress a complaint or information, 
the employee may contact a congressional 
intelligence committee or any other com-
mittee of jurisdiction of the Senate or the 
House of Representatives directly without 
obtaining or following the procedural direc-
tion otherwise required under such sub-
clause.’’; 
(C) by redesignating clause (iii) as clause 
(iv); and 
(D) by inserting after clause (ii) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(iii) An employee of an element of the in-
telligence community who intends to report 
to Congress a complaint or information may 
report such complaint or information to the 
Chairman and Vice Chairman or Chairman 
and Ranking Member of a congressional in-
telligence committee or another committee 
of jurisdiction of the Senate or the House of 
Representatives, a nonpartisan member of 
the committee staff designated for purposes 
of receiving complaints or information under 
this section, or a member of the majority 
staff and a member of the minority staff of 
the committee.’’. 
(3) CLARIFICATION OF RIGHT TO REPORT DI-
RECTLY
TO
CONGRESS.—Subparagraph (A) of 
such section is amended— 
(A) by inserting ‘‘(i)’’ before ‘‘An employee 
of’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(ii) Subject to clauses (ii) and (iii) of sub-
paragraph (D), an employee of an element of 
the intelligence community who intends to 
report to Congress a complaint or informa-
tion may report such complaint or informa-
tion directly to Congress, regardless of 
whether the complaint or information is 
with respect to an urgent concern— 
‘‘(A) in lieu of reporting such complaint or 
information under clause (i); or 
‘‘(B) in addition to reporting such com-
plaint or information under clause (i).’’. 
(c) AMENDMENTS
TO
THE CENTRAL INTEL-
LIGENCE AGENCY ACT OF 1949.— 
(1) APPOINTMENT OF SECURITY OFFICERS.— 
Section 17(d)(5) of the Central Intelligence 
Agency Act of 1949 (50 U.S.C. 3517(d)(5)) is 
amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(I) The Inspector General shall appoint 
within the Office of the Inspector General se-
curity officers as required by subsection (h) 
of section 8H of the Inspector General Act of 
1978 (5 U.S.C. App.).’’. 
(2) PROCEDURES.—Subparagraph (D) of such 
section is amended— 
(A) in clause (i), by inserting ‘‘or any other 
committee of jurisdiction of the Senate or 
the House of Representatives’’ after ‘‘either 
or both of the intelligence committees’’; 
(B) by amending clause (ii) to read as fol-
lows: 
‘‘(ii)(I) Except as provided in subclause (II), 
an employee may contact an intelligence 
committee or another committee of jurisdic-
tion directly as described in clause (i) only if 
the employee— 
‘‘(aa) before making such a contact, fur-
nishes to the Director, through the Inspector 
General, a statement of the employee’s com-
plaint or information and notice of the em-
ployee’s intent to contact an intelligence 
committee or another committee of jurisdic-
tion of the Senate or the House of Represent-
atives directly; and 
‘‘(bb)(AA) obtains and follows from the Di-
rector, through the Inspector General, proce-
dural direction on how to contact an intel-
ligence committee or another committee of 
jurisdiction of the Senate or the House of 
Representatives in accordance with appro-
priate security practices; or 
‘‘(BB) obtains and follows such procedural 
direction from the applicable security officer 
appointed under section 8H(h) of the Inspec-
tor General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.). 
‘‘(II) If an employee seeks procedural direc-
tion under subclause (I)(bb) and does not re-
ceive such procedural direction within 30 
days, or receives insufficient direction to re-
port to Congress a complaint or information, 
the employee may contact an intelligence 
committee or another committee of jurisdic-
tion of the Senate or the House of Represent-
atives directly without obtaining or fol-
lowing the procedural direction otherwise re-
quired under such subclause.’’; 
(C) by redesignating clause (iii) as clause 
(iv); and 
(D) by inserting after clause (ii) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(iii) An employee of the Agency who in-
tends to report to Congress a complaint or 
information may report such complaint or 
information to the Chairman and Vice Chair-
man or Chairman and Ranking Member of an 
intelligence committee or another com-
mittee of jurisdiction of the Senate or the 
House of Representatives, a nonpartisan 
member of the committee staff designated 
for purposes of receiving complaints or infor-
mation under this section, or a member of 
the majority staff and a member of the mi-
nority staff of the committee.’’. 
(3) CLARIFICATION OF RIGHT TO REPORT DI-
RECTLY
TO
CONGRESS.—Subparagraph (A) of 
such section is amended— 
(A) by inserting ‘‘(i)’’ before ‘‘An employee 
of’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(ii) Subject to clauses (ii) and (iii) of sub-
paragraph (D), an employee of the Agency 
who intends to report to Congress a com-
plaint or information may report such com-
plaint or information directly to Congress, 
regardless of whether the complaint or infor-
mation is with respect to an urgent con-
cern— 
‘‘(A) in lieu of reporting such complaint or 
information under clause (i); or 
‘‘(B) in addition to reporting such com-
plaint or information under clause (i).’’. 
(d) RULE
OF
CONSTRUCTION.—Nothing in 
this section or an amendment made by this 
section shall be construed to revoke or di-
minish any right of an individual provided 
by section 2303 of title 5, United States Code. 
SEC. 322. DEFINITIONS AND AUTHORITIES RE-
GARDING 
WHISTLEBLOWER 
COM-
PLAINTS AND INFORMATION OF UR-
GENT CONCERN RECEIVED BY IN-
SPECTORS GENERAL OF THE INTEL-
LIGENCE COMMUNITY. 
(a) DEFINITION OF URGENT CONCERN.— 
(1) NATIONAL SECURITY ACT OF 1947.—Section 
103H(k)(5)(G)(i) of the National Security Act 
of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3033(k)(5)(G)(i)) is amended 
by striking ‘‘within the’’ and all that follows 
through ‘‘policy matters.’’ and inserting the 
following: ‘‘of the Federal Government that 
is— 
‘‘(I) a matter of national security; and 
‘‘(II) not a difference of opinion concerning 
public policy matters.’’. 
(2) INSPECTOR GENERAL ACT OF 1978.—Para-
graph (1)(A) of subsection (i) of section 8H of 
the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. 
App.), as redesignated by section 321(a)(1)(A), 
is amended by striking ‘‘involving’’ and all 
that follows through ‘‘policy matters.’’ and 
inserting the following: ‘‘of the Federal Gov-
ernment that is— 
‘‘(i) a matter of national security; and 
‘‘(ii) not a difference of opinion concerning 
public policy matters.’’. 
(3) CENTRAL INTELLIGENCE AGENCY ACT OF 
1949.—Section 17(d)(5)(G)(i)(I) of the Central 
Intelligence Agency Act of 1949 (50 U.S.C. 
3517(d)(5)(G)(i)(I)) is amended by striking 
‘‘involving’’ and all that follows through 
‘‘policy matters.’’ and inserting the fol-
lowing: ‘‘of the Federal Government that is— 
‘‘(aa) a matter of national security; and 
‘‘(bb) not a difference of opinion con-
cerning public policy matters.’’. 
(b) AUTHORITY OF INSPECTORS GENERAL.— 
(1) SCOPE OF AUTHORITY OF INSPECTOR GEN-
ERAL OF THE INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY.—Sec-
tion 103H(k)(5) of the National Security Act 
of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3033(k)(5)) is amended by 
adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(J) The Inspector General shall have au-
thority over any complaint or information 
submitted to the Inspector General from an 
employee, detailee, or contractor, or former 
employee, detailee, or contractor, of the in-
telligence community.’’. 
(2) AUTHORITY
OF
INSPECTOR
GENERAL
OF 
THE INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY TO DETERMINE 
MATTERS
OF
URGENT
CONCERN.—Section 
103H(k)(5)(G) 
of 
such 
Act 
(50 
U.S.C. 
3033(k)(5)(G)) is amended— 
(A) in clause (i), as amended by subsection 
(a)(1), by resdesignating subclauses (I) and 
(II) as items (aa) and (bb), respectively; 
(B) by redesignating clauses (i), (ii), and 
(iii) as subclauses (I), (II), and (III), respec-
tively; 
(C) in the matter before subclause (I), as 
redesignated by subparagraph (B), by insert-
ing ‘‘(i)’’ before ‘‘In this’’; and 
(D) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(ii) The Inspector General shall have sole 
authority to determine whether any com-
plaint or information reported to the Inspec-
tor General is a matter of urgent concern 
under this paragraph.’’. 
(3) AUTHORITY OF INSPECTORS GENERAL TO 
DETERMINE
MATTERS
OF
URGENT
CONCERN.— 
Subsection (i) of section 8H of the Inspector 
General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.), as redes-
ignated by section 321(a)(1)(A), is amended— 
(A) in paragraph (1)— 
(i) in subparagraph (A), as amended by sub-
section (a)(2), by redesignating clauses (i) 
and (ii) as subclauses (I) and (II), respec-
tively; and 
(ii) by redesignating paragraphs (A), (B), 
and (C) and clauses (i), (ii), and (iii), respec-
tively; 
(B) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) 
as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively; 
(C) in the matter before subparagraph (A), 
as redesignated by subparagraph (B), by in-
serting ‘‘(1)’’ before ‘‘In this’’; and 
(D) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(2) The Inspector General shall have sole 
authority to determine whether any com-
plaint or information reported to the Inspec-
tor General is a matter of urgent concern 
under this section.’’. 
(4) AUTHORITY
OF
INSPECTOR
GENERAL
OF 
CENTRAL INTELLIGENCE AGENCY TO DETERMINE 
MATTERS
OF
URGENT
CONCERN.—Section 
17(d)(5)(G) of the Central Intelligence Agency 
Act of 1949 (50 U.S.C. 3517(d)(5)(G)) is amend-
ed— 
(A) in clause (i)— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00188
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 199-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8731 
November 19, 2021 
(i) in subclause (I), as amended by sub-
section (a)(3), by redesignating items (aa) 
and (bb) as subitems (AA) and (BB), respec-
tively; and 
(ii) by redesignating subclauses (I), (II), 
and (III) as items (aa), (bb), and (cc), respec-
tively; 
(B) by redesignating clauses (i) and (ii) as 
subclauses (I) and (II), respectively; and 
(C) in the matter before clause (I), as re-
designated by subparagraph (B), by inserting 
‘‘(i)’’ before ‘‘In this’’; and 
(D) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(ii) The Inspector General shall have sole 
authority to determine whether any com-
plaint or information reported to the Inspec-
tor General is a matter of urgent concern 
under this paragraph.’’. 
SEC. 323. HARMONIZATION OF WHISTLEBLOWER 
PROTECTIONS. 
(a) PROHIBITED
PERSONNEL
PRACTICES
IN 
THE INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY.— 
(1) THREATS
RELATING
TO
PERSONNEL
AC-
TIONS.— 
(A) AGENCY EMPLOYEES.—Section 1104(b) of 
the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 
3234(b)) is amended, in the matter preceding 
paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘, or threaten to 
take or fail to take,’’ after ‘‘take or fail to 
take’’. 
(B) 
CONTRACTOR
EMPLOYEES.—Section 
1104(c)(1) of such Act (50 U.S.C. 3234(c)(1)) is 
amended, in the matter preceding subpara-
graph (A), by inserting ‘‘, or threaten to take 
or fail to take,’’ after ‘‘take or fail to take’’. 
(2) PROTECTION FOR CONTRACTOR EMPLOYEES 
AGAINST
REPRISAL
FROM
AGENCY
EMPLOY-
EES.—Section 1104(c)(1) of such Act (50 U.S.C. 
3234(c)(1)), as amended by paragraph (1)(B) of 
this subsection, is further amended, in the 
matter preceding subparagraph (A), by in-
serting ‘‘of an agency or’’ after ‘‘Any em-
ployee’’. 
(3) ENFORCEMENT.—Subsection (d) of sec-
tion 1104 of such Act (50 U.S.C. 3234) is 
amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(d) ENFORCEMENT.—The President shall 
provide for the enforcement of this section 
consistent, to the fullest extent possible, 
with the policies and procedures used to ad-
judicate 
alleged 
violations 
of 
section 
2302(b)(8) of title 5, United States Code.’’. 
(b) RETALIATORY REVOCATION OF SECURITY 
CLEARANCES AND ACCESS DETERMINATIONS.— 
(1) ENFORCEMENT.—Section 3001(j) of the 
Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Preven-
tion Act of 2004 (50 U.S.C. 3341(j)) is amend-
ed— 
(A) by redesignating paragraph (8) as para-
graph (9); and 
(B) by inserting after paragraph (7) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(8) ENFORCEMENT.—Except as otherwise 
provided in this subsection, the President 
shall provide for the enforcement of this sec-
tion consistent, to the fullest extent pos-
sible, with the policies and procedures used 
to adjudicate alleged violations of section 
2302(b)(8) of title 5, United States Code.’’. 
(2) ELIMINATION OF DEADLINE FOR APPEAL OF 
PROHIBITED
REPRISAL.—Section 3001(j)(4)(A) 
of such Act (50 U.S.C. 3341(j)(4)(A)) is amend-
ed by striking ‘‘within 90 days’’. 
(3) ELIMINATION OF CAP ON COMPENSATORY 
DAMAGES.—Section 3001(j)(4)(B) of such Act 
(50 U.S.C. 3341(j)(4)(B)) is amended, in the 
second sentence, by striking ‘‘not to exceed 
$300,000’’. 
(4) ESTABLISHING PROCESS PARITY FOR AD-
VERSE SECURITY CLEARANCE AND ACCESS DE-
TERMINATIONS.—Subparagraph (C) of section 
3001(j)(4) of such Act (50 U.S.C. 3341(j)(4)) is 
amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(C) BURDENS OF PROOF.— 
‘‘(i) IN GENERAL.—Subject to clause (iii), in 
determining whether the adverse security 
clearance or access determination violated 
paragraph (1), the agency shall find that 
paragraph (1) was violated if the individual 
has demonstrated that a disclosure described 
in paragraph (1) was a contributing factor in 
the adverse security clearance or access de-
termination taken against the individual. 
‘‘(ii) CIRCUMSTANTIAL
EVIDENCE.—An indi-
vidual under clause (i) may demonstrate that 
the disclosure was a contributing factor in 
the adverse security clearance or access de-
termination taken against the individual 
through circumstantial evidence, such as 
evidence that— 
‘‘(I) the official making the determination 
knew of the disclosure; and 
‘‘(II) the determination occurred within a 
period such that a reasonable person could 
conclude that the disclosure was a contrib-
uting factor in the determination. 
‘‘(iii) DEFENSE.—In determining whether 
the adverse security clearance or access de-
termination violated paragraph (1), the agen-
cy shall not find that paragraph (1) was vio-
lated if, after a finding that a disclosure was 
a contributing factor, the agency dem-
onstrates by clear and convincing evidence 
that it would have made the same security 
clearance or access determination in the ab-
sence of such disclosure.’’. 
(c) CORRECTION OF DEFINITION OF AGENCY.— 
Section 3001(a)(1)(B) of the Intelligence Re-
form and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 
(50 U.S.C. 3341(a)(1)(B)) is amended by strik-
ing ‘‘and’’ and inserting ‘‘or’’. 
(d) ESTABLISHING CONSISTENCY WITH RE-
SPECT TO PROTECTIONS FOR DISCLOSURES OF 
MISMANAGEMENT.— 
(1) SECURITY CLEARANCE AND ACCESS DETER-
MINATIONS.—Section 3001(j)(1) of the Intel-
ligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention 
Act of 2004 (50 U.S.C. 3341(j)(1)) is amended— 
(A) in subparagraph (A)(ii), by striking 
‘‘gross mismanagement’’ and inserting ‘‘mis-
management’’; and 
(B) in subparagraph (B)(ii), by striking 
‘‘gross mismanagement’’ and inserting ‘‘mis-
management’’. 
(2) 
PERSONNEL
ACTIONS
AGAINST
CON-
TRACTOR EMPLOYEES.—Section 1104(c)(1)(B) of 
the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 
3234(c)(1)(B)) is amended by striking ‘‘gross 
mismanagement’’ 
and 
inserting 
‘‘mis-
management’’. 
(e) PROTECTED
DISCLOSURES
TO
SUPER-
VISORS.— 
(1) PERSONNEL ACTIONS.— 
(A) DISCLOSURES BY AGENCY EMPLOYEES TO 
SUPERVISORS.—Section 1104(b) of the Na-
tional Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3234(b)), 
as amended by subsection (a)(1)(A), is further 
amended, in the matter preceding paragraph 
(1), by inserting ‘‘a supervisor in the employ-
ee’s direct chain of command, or a supervisor 
of the employing agency with responsibility 
for the subject matter of the disclosure, up 
to and including’’ before ‘‘the head of the 
employing agency’’. 
(B) DISCLOSURES
BY
CONTRACTOR
EMPLOY-
EES
TO
SUPERVISORS.—Section 1104(c)(1) of 
such Act (50 U.S.C. 3234(c)(1)), as amended by 
subsection (a), is further amended, in the 
matter preceding subparagraph (A), by in-
serting ‘‘a supervisor in the contractor em-
ployee’s direct chain of command up to and 
including’’ before ‘‘the head of the con-
tracting agency’’. 
(2) SECURITY CLEARANCE AND ACCESS DETER-
MINATIONS.—Section 3001(j)(1)(A) of the Intel-
ligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention 
Act of 2004 (50 U.S.C. 3341(j)(1)(A)) is amend-
ed, in the matter preceding clause (i), by in-
serting ‘‘a supervisor in the employee’s di-
rect chain of command, or a supervisor of 
the employing agency with responsibility for 
the subject matter of the disclosure, up to 
and including’’ before ‘‘the head of the em-
ploying agency’’. 
(f) ESTABLISHING PARITY
FOR PROTECTED 
DISCLOSURES.—Section 1104 of the National 
Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3234) is amend-
ed— 
(1) in subsection (b), as amended by sub-
sections (a)(1)(A) and (e)(1)(A)— 
(A) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) 
as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively, 
and moving such subparagraphs, as so redes-
ignated, 2 ems to the right; 
(B) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A), as redesignated and moved by subpara-
graph (B) of this paragraph, by striking ‘‘for 
a lawful disclosure’’ and inserting the fol-
lowing: ‘‘for— 
‘‘(1) any lawful disclosure’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(2) any lawful disclosure that complies 
with— 
‘‘(A) subsections (a)(1), (d), and (g) of sec-
tion 8H of the Inspector General Act of 1978 
(5 U.S.C. App.); 
‘‘(B) subparagraphs (A), (D), and (H) of sec-
tion 17(d)(5) of the Central Intelligence Agen-
cy Act of 1949 (50 U.S.C. 3517(d)(5)); or 
‘‘(C) subparagraphs (A), (D), and (I) of sec-
tion 103H(k)(5); or 
‘‘(3) if the actions do not result in the em-
ployee unlawfully disclosing information 
specifically required by Executive order to 
be kept classified in the interest of national 
defense or the conduct of foreign affairs, any 
lawful disclosure in conjunction with— 
‘‘(A) the exercise of any appeal, complaint, 
or grievance right granted by any law, rule, 
or regulation; 
‘‘(B) testimony for or otherwise lawfully 
assisting any individual in the exercise of 
any right referred to in subparagraph (A); or 
‘‘(C) cooperation with or disclosing infor-
mation to the Inspector General of an agen-
cy, in accordance with applicable provisions 
of law in connection with an audit, inspec-
tion, or investigation conducted by the In-
spector General.’’; and 
(2) in subsection (c)(1), as amended by sub-
sections (a) and (e)(1)(B)— 
(A) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) and 
(B) as clauses (i) and (ii), respectively, and 
moving such clauses, as so redesignated, 2 
ems to the right; 
(B) in the matter preceding clause (i), as 
redesignated and moved by subparagraph (B) 
of this paragraph, by striking ‘‘for a lawful 
disclosure’’ and inserting the following: 
‘‘for— 
‘‘(A) any lawful disclosure’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(B) any lawful disclosure that complies 
with— 
‘‘(i) subsections (a)(1), (d), and (g) of sec-
tion 8H of the Inspector General Act of 1978 
(5 U.S.C. App.); 
‘‘(ii) subparagraphs (A), (D), and (H) of sec-
tion 17(d)(5) of the Central Intelligence Agen-
cy Act of 1949 (50 U.S.C. 3517(d)(5)); or 
‘‘(iii) subparagraphs (A), (D), and (I) of sec-
tion 103H(k)(5); or 
‘‘(C) if the actions do not result in the con-
tractor employee unlawfully disclosing in-
formation specifically required by Executive 
order to be kept classified in the interest of 
national defense or the conduct of foreign af-
fairs, any lawful disclosure in conjunction 
with— 
‘‘(i) the exercise of any appeal, complaint, 
or grievance right granted by any law, rule, 
or regulation; 
‘‘(ii) testimony for or otherwise lawfully 
assisting any individual in the exercise of 
any right referred to in clause (i); or 
‘‘(iii) cooperation with or disclosing infor-
mation to the Inspector General of an agen-
cy, in accordance with applicable provisions 
of law in connection with an audit, inspec-
tion, or investigation conducted by the In-
spector General.’’. 
(g) CLARIFICATION RELATING TO PROTECTED 
DISCLOSURES.—Section 1104 of the National 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00189
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 200-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8732 
November 19, 2021 
Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3234) is amend-
ed— 
(1) by redesignating subsections (d) and (e) 
as subsections (f) and (g), respectively; and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(d) RULE
OF
CONSTRUCTION.—Consistent 
with the protection of sources and methods, 
nothing in subsection (b) or (c) shall be con-
strued to authorize— 
‘‘(1) the withholding of information from 
Congress; or 
‘‘(2) the taking of any personnel action 
against an employee who lawfully discloses 
information to Congress. 
‘‘(e) DISCLOSURES.—A disclosure shall not 
be excluded from this section because— 
‘‘(1) the disclosure was made to an indi-
vidual, including a supervisor, who partici-
pated in an activity that the employee rea-
sonably believed to be covered under sub-
section (b)(1)(B) or the contractor employee 
reasonably believed to be covered under sub-
section (c)(1)(A)(ii); 
‘‘(2) the disclosure revealed information 
that had been previously disclosed; 
‘‘(3) the disclosure was not made in writ-
ing; 
‘‘(4) the disclosure was made while the em-
ployee was off duty; 
‘‘(5) of the amount of time which has 
passed since the occurrence of the events de-
scribed in the disclosure; or 
‘‘(6) the disclosure was made during the 
normal course of duties of an employee or 
contractor employee.’’. 
(h) 
CORRECTION
RELATING
TO
NORMAL 
COURSE
DISCLOSURES.—Section 3001(j)(3) of 
the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Pre-
vention Act of 2004 (50 U.S.C. 3341(j)(3)) is 
amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘DISCLOSURES.—’’ and all 
that follows through ‘‘because—’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘DISCLOSURES.—A disclosure shall not be 
excluded from paragraph (1) because—’’; 
(2) by striking subparagraph (B); 
(3) by redesignating clauses (i) through (v) 
as subparagraphs (A) through (E), respec-
tively, and moving such subparagraphs, as so 
redesignated, 2 ems to the left; 
(4) in subparagraph (D), as so redesignated, 
by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; 
(5) in subparagraph (E), as redesignated by 
paragraph (3), by striking the period at the 
end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(6) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(F) the disclosure was made during the 
normal course of duties of an employee.’’. 
(i) CLARIFICATION RELATING
TO RULE
OF 
CONSTRUCTION.—Section 3001(j)(2) of the In-
telligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention 
Act of 2004 (50 U.S.C. 3341(j)(2)) is amended by 
inserting ‘‘or clearance action’’ after ‘‘per-
sonnel action’’. 
(j) CLARIFICATION RELATING TO PROHIBITED 
PRACTICES.— 
(1) INTELLIGENCE
REFORM
AND
TERRORISM 
PREVENTION ACT OF 2004.—Section 3001(j)(1) of 
the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Pre-
vention Act of 2004 (50 U.S.C. 3341(j)(1)), as 
amended by this section, is further amended 
by striking ‘‘over’’ and inserting ‘‘to take, 
materially impact, direct others to take, 
recommend, or approve’’. 
(2) NATIONAL SECURITY ACT OF 1947.— 
(A) AGENCY EMPLOYEES.—Section 1104(b) of 
the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 
3234(b)), as amended by this section, is fur-
ther amended by inserting ‘‘materially im-
pact,’’ after ‘‘authority to take,’’ 
(B) 
CONTRACTOR
EMPLOYEES.—Section 
1104(c)(1) of such Act (50 U.S.C. 3234(c)(1)), as 
amended by this section, is further amended 
by inserting ‘‘materially impact,’’ after ‘‘au-
thority to take,’’. 
(k) 
TECHNICAL
CORRECTION.—Section 
3001(j)(1)(C)(i) of the Intelligence Reform and 
Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (50 U.S.C. 
3341(j)(1)(C)(i)) is amended by striking ‘‘(h)’’ 
and inserting ‘‘(g)’’. 
(l) REPORT REQUIRED.—Not later than 180 
days after the date of the enactment of this 
Act, the Inspector General of the Intel-
ligence Community shall submit to the con-
gressional intelligence committees a report 
assessing the extent to which protections 
provided under Presidential Policy Directive 
19 (relating to protecting whistleblowers 
with access to classified information) have 
been codified in statutes. 
SEC. 324. PROHIBITION AGAINST DISCLOSURE OF 
WHISTLEBLOWER IDENTITY AS RE-
PRISAL AGAINST WHISTLEBLOWER 
DISCLOSURE BY EMPLOYEES AND 
CONTRACTORS 
IN 
INTELLIGENCE 
COMMUNITY. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Section 1104 of the Na-
tional Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3234) is 
amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(3) of such section— 
(A) in subparagraph (I), by striking ‘‘; or’’ 
and inserting a semicolon; 
(B) by redesignating subparagraph (J) as 
subparagraph (K); and 
(C) by inserting after subparagraph (I) the 
following: 
‘‘(J) a knowing and willful disclosure re-
vealing the identity or other personally iden-
tifiable information of an employee or con-
tractor employee; or’’; 
(2) by redesignating subsections (f) and (g), 
as redesignated by section 323(g)(1), as sub-
sections (g) and (h), respectively; and 
(3) by inserting after subsection (e), as 
added by section 323(g)(2), the following: 
‘‘(f) PERSONNEL ACTIONS INVOLVING DISCLO-
SURES OF WHISTLEBLOWER IDENTITY.—A per-
sonnel 
action 
described 
in 
subsection 
(a)(3)(J) shall not be considered in violation 
of subsection (b) or (c) under the following 
circumstances: 
‘‘(1) The personnel action was taken with 
the express consent of the employee or con-
tractor employee. 
‘‘(2) An Inspector General with oversight 
responsibility for a covered intelligence com-
munity element determines that— 
‘‘(A) the personnel action was unavoidable 
under section 103H(g)(3)(A) of this Act (50 
U.S.C. 3033(g)(3)(A)), section 17(e)(3)(A) of the 
Central Intelligence Agency Act of 1949 (50 
U.S.C. 3517(e)(3)(A)), or section 8M(b)(2)(B) of 
the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. 
App.); 
‘‘(B) the personnel action was made to an 
official of the Department of Justice respon-
sible for determining whether a prosecution 
should be undertaken; or 
‘‘(C) the personnel action was required by 
statute or an order from a court of com-
petent jurisdiction.’’. 
(b) 
APPLICABILITY
TO
DETAILEES.—Sub-
section (a) of section 1104 of such Act (50 
U.S.C. 3234) is amended by adding at the end 
the following: 
‘‘(5) EMPLOYEE.—The term ‘employee’, with 
respect to an agency or a covered intel-
ligence community element, includes an in-
dividual who has been detailed to such agen-
cy or covered intelligence community ele-
ment.’’. 
(c) PRIVATE RIGHT OF ACTION FOR UNLAW-
FUL
DISCLOSURE
OF
WHISTLEBLOWER
IDEN-
TITY.—Subsection (g) of such section, as 
amended by subsection (a)(3) of section 
323(a)(3), redesignated by subsection (g)(1) of 
such section, and further redesignated by 
subsection (a)(2) of this section, is amended 
to read as follows: 
‘‘(g) ENFORCEMENT.— 
‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—Except as otherwise pro-
vided in this subsection, the President shall 
provide for the enforcement of this section. 
‘‘(2) HARMONIZATION WITH OTHER ENFORCE-
MENT.—To the fullest extent possible, the 
President shall provide for enforcement of 
this section in a manner that is consistent 
with the enforcement of section 2302(b)(8) of 
title 5, United States Code, especially with 
respect to policies and procedures used to ad-
judicate alleged violations of such section. 
‘‘(3) PRIVATE RIGHT OF ACTION FOR DISCLO-
SURES OF WHISTLEBLOWER IDENTITY IN VIOLA-
TION
OF
PROHIBITION
AGAINST
REPRISALS.— 
Subject to paragraph (4), in a case in which 
an employee of an agency takes a personnel 
action 
described 
in 
subsection 
(a)(3)(J) 
against an employee of a covered intel-
ligence community element as a reprisal in 
violation of subsection (b) or in a case in 
which an employee or contractor employee 
takes a personnel action described in sub-
section (a)(3)(J) against another contractor 
employee as a reprisal in violation of sub-
section (c), the employee or contractor em-
ployee against whom the personnel action 
was taken may, consistent with section 1221 
of title 5, United States Code, bring a private 
action for all appropriate remedies, includ-
ing injunctive relief and compensatory and 
punitive damages, in an amount not to ex-
ceed $250,000, against the agency of the em-
ployee or contracting agency of the con-
tractor employee who took the personnel ac-
tion, in a Federal district court of competent 
jurisdiction. 
‘‘(4) REQUIREMENTS.— 
‘‘(A) REVIEW BY INSPECTOR GENERAL AND BY 
EXTERNAL
REVIEW
PANEL.—Before the em-
ployee or contractor employee may bring a 
private action under paragraph (3), the em-
ployee or contractor employee shall exhaust 
administrative remedies by— 
‘‘(i) first, obtaining a disposition of their 
claim by requesting review of the appro-
priate inspector general; and 
‘‘(ii) second, submitting to the Inspector 
General of the Intelligence Community a re-
quest for a review of the claim by an exter-
nal review panel under section 1106. 
‘‘(B) PERIOD
TO
BRING
ACTION.—The em-
ployee or contractor employee may bring a 
private right of action under paragraph (3) 
during the 180-day period beginning on the 
date on which the employee or contractor 
employee is notified of the final disposition 
of their claim under section 1106.’’. 
SEC. 325. CONGRESSIONAL OVERSIGHT OF CON-
TROLLED ACCESS PROGRAMS. 
(a) DEFINITIONS.—In this section: 
(1) 
APPROPRIATE
COMMITTEES
OF
CON-
GRESS.—The term ‘‘appropriate committees 
of Congress’’ means— 
(A) the congressional intelligence commit-
tees; 
(B) the Committee on Appropriations of 
the Senate; and 
(C) the Committee on Appropriations of 
the House of Representatives. 
(2) CONGRESSIONAL LEADERSHIP.—The term 
‘‘congressional leadership’’ means— 
(A) the majority leader of the Senate; 
(B) the minority leader of the Senate; 
(C) the Speaker of the House of Represent-
atives; and 
(D) the minority leader of the House of 
Representatives. 
(3) 
CONTROLLED
ACCESS
PROGRAM.—The 
term ‘‘controlled access program’’ means a 
program created or managed pursuant to In-
telligence Community Directive 906, or suc-
cessor directive. 
(b) PERIODIC BRIEFINGS REQUIRED.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not less frequently than 
semiannually or upon request by one of the 
appropriate committees of Congress or a 
member of congressional leadership, the Di-
rector of National Intelligence shall provide 
the appropriate committees of Congress and 
congressional leadership a briefing on each 
controlled access program in effect. 
(2) 
CONTENTS.—Each 
briefing 
provided 
under paragraph (1) shall include, at a min-
imum, the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00190
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 201-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8733 
November 19, 2021 
(A) A description of the activity of the con-
trolled access programs during the period 
covered by the briefing. 
(B) Documentation with respect to how the 
controlled access programs have achieved 
outcomes consistent with requirements doc-
umented by the Director and, as applicable, 
the Secretary of Defense. 
(c) LIMITATIONS.— 
(1) LIMITATION ON ESTABLISHMENT.—A head 
of an element of the intelligence community 
may not establish a controlled access pro-
gram, 
or 
a 
compartment 
or 
subpcompartment therein, until the head no-
tifies the appropriate committees of Con-
gress and congressional leadership of such 
controlled access program, compartment, or 
subcompartment, as the case may be. 
(2) LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS.—No funds 
may be obligated or expended by an element 
of the intelligence community to carry out a 
controlled access program, or a compart-
ment or subcompartment therein, until the 
head of that element has briefed the appro-
priate committees of Congress and congres-
sional leadership on the controlled access 
program. 
(d) REPORTS.— 
(1) INITIAL REPORT.— 
(A) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
each head of an element of the intelligence 
community shall provide to the appropriate 
committees of Congress and congressional 
leadership a report on all controlled access 
programs of the element in effect. 
(B) 
MATTERS
ADDRESSED.—Each 
report 
under subparagraph (A) shall address, for 
each controlled access program covered by 
the report, the following: 
(i) Date of initial operational capability. 
(ii) Rationale. 
(iii) Annual level of funding. 
(iv) Current operational use. 
(2) ANNUAL REPORTS.— 
(A) REQUIREMENT.—On an annual basis, the 
head of each element of the intelligence 
community shall submit to the appropriate 
committees of Congress and congressional 
leadership a report on controlled access pro-
grams administered by the head. 
(B) MATTERS INCLUDED.—Each report sub-
mitted under paragraph (1) shall include, 
with respect to the period covered by the re-
port, the following: 
(i) A list of all compartments and sub-
compartments of controlled access programs 
active as of the date of the report. 
(ii) A list of all compartments and sub-
compartments of controlled access programs 
terminated during the period covered by the 
report. 
(iii) With respect to the report submitted 
by the Director of National Intelligence, in 
addition to the matters specified in subpara-
graphs (A) and (B)— 
(I) a certification regarding whether the 
creation, validation, or substantial modifica-
tion, including termination, for all existing 
and proposed controlled access programs, 
and the compartments and subcompartments 
within each, are substantiated and justified 
based on the information required by clause 
(ii); and 
(II) for each certification— 
(aa) the rationale for the revalidation, val-
idation, or substantial modification, includ-
ing termination, of each controlled access 
program, compartment, and subcompart-
ment; 
(bb) the identification of a control officer 
for each controlled access program; and 
(cc) a statement of protection require-
ments for each controlled access program. 
(e) CONFORMING
REPEAL.—Section 608 of 
the Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal 
Year 2017 (division N of Public Law 115–31; 
131 Stat. 833; 50 U.S.C. 3315) is amended by 
striking subsection (b). 
Subtitle C—Reports and Assessments 
Pertaining to the Intelligence Community 
SEC. 331. REPORT ON EFFORTS TO BUILD AN IN-
TEGRATED HYBRID SPACE ARCHI-
TECTURE. 
(a) DEFINITION
OF
APPROPRIATE
COMMIT-
TEES OF CONGRESS.—In this section, the term 
‘‘appropriate 
committees 
of 
Congress’’ 
means— 
(1) the congressional intelligence commit-
tees; 
(2) the Committee on Armed Services and 
the Committee on Appropriations of the Sen-
ate; and 
(3) the Committee on Armed Services and 
the Committee on Appropriations of the 
House of Representatives. 
(b) REPORT REQUIRED.—Not later than 180 
days after the date of the enactment of this 
Act, and annually for 2 years thereafter, the 
Director of National Intelligence, in coordi-
nation with the Under Secretary of Defense 
for Intelligence and Security and the Direc-
tor of the National Reconnaissance Office, 
shall submit to the appropriate committees 
of Congress a report on the efforts of the in-
telligence community to build an integrated 
hybrid space architecture that combines na-
tional and commercial capabilities and large 
and small satellites. 
(c) ELEMENTS.—The report required by sub-
section (b) shall include the following: 
(1) An assessment of how the integrated 
hybrid space architecture approach is being 
realized in the overhead architecture of the 
National Reconnaissance Office. 
(2) An assessment of the benefits to the 
mission of the National Reconnaissance Of-
fice and the cost of integrating capabilities 
from smaller, proliferated satellites and data 
from commercial satellites with the national 
technical means architecture. 
SEC. 332. REPORT ON PROJECT MAVEN TRANSI-
TION. 
(a) DEFINITION
OF
APPROPRIATE
COMMIT-
TEES OF CONGRESS.—In this section, the term 
‘‘appropriate 
committees 
of 
Congress’’ 
means— 
(1) the congressional intelligence commit-
tees; 
(2) the Committee on Armed Services and 
the Committee on Appropriations of the Sen-
ate; and 
(3) the Committee on Armed Services and 
the Committee on Appropriations of the 
House of Representatives. 
(b) REPORT REQUIRED.—Not later than 120 
days after the date of the enactment of this 
Act, the Director of the National Geospatial- 
Intelligence Agency, in consultation with 
such other Federal Government entities as 
the Director considers appropriate, shall sub-
mit to the appropriate committees of Con-
gress a report on the transition of Project 
Maven to operational mission support. 
(c) PLAN OF ACTION AND MILESTONES.—The 
report required by subsection (b) shall in-
clude a detailed plan of action and mile-
stones that identifies— 
(1) the milestones and decision points lead-
ing up to the transition of successful 
geospatial intelligence capabilities devel-
oped under Project Maven to the National 
Geospatial-Intelligence Agency; and 
(2) the metrics of success regarding the 
transition described in paragraph (1) and 
mission support provided to the National 
Geospatial-Intelligence Agency for each of 
fiscal years 2022 and 2023. 
(d) FORM.—The report required by sub-
section (b) shall be submitted in unclassified 
form, but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 333. ASSESSMENT OF INTELLIGENCE COM-
MUNITY COUNTERNARCOTICS CAPA-
BILITIES. 
(a) DEFINITION
OF
APPROPRIATE
COMMIT-
TEES OF CONGRESS.—In this section, the term 
‘‘appropriate 
committees 
of 
Congress’’ 
means— 
(1) the congressional intelligence commit-
tees; 
(2) the Committee on Foreign Relations of 
the Senate; and 
(3) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the 
House of Representatives. 
(b) ASSESSMENT REQUIRED.—Not later than 
120 days after the date of the enactment of 
this Act, the Director of National Intel-
ligence shall, in consultation with such 
other Federal Government entities as the Di-
rector considers appropriate, submit to the 
appropriate committees of Congress an as-
sessment on the status of the intelligence 
community’s— 
(1) 
counternarcotics 
capabilities 
and 
resourcing with regard to intelligence collec-
tion and analysis; 
(2) operational support to foreign liaison 
partners; and 
(3) operational capacity to support the 
counternarcotics mission of the Federal Gov-
ernment. 
(c) FORM.—The assessment required by 
subsection (b) shall be submitted in unclassi-
fied form, but may include a classified 
annex. 
SEC. 334. ASSESSMENT OF INTELLIGENCE COM-
MUNITY’S 
INTELLIGENCE-SHARING 
RELATIONSHIPS WITH LATIN AMER-
ICAN 
PARTNERS 
IN 
COUNTER-
NARCOTICS. 
(a) DEFINITION
OF
APPROPRIATE
COMMIT-
TEES OF CONGRESS.—In this section, the term 
‘‘appropriate 
committees 
of 
Congress’’ 
means— 
(1) the congressional intelligence commit-
tees; 
(2) the Committee on the Judiciary of the 
Senate; and 
(3) the Committee on the Judiciary of the 
House of Representatives. 
(b) ASSESSMENT REQUIRED.—Not later than 
120 days after the date of the enactment of 
this Act, the Director of National Intel-
ligence shall, in consultation with such 
other Federal Government entities as the Di-
rector considers appropriate, submit to the 
appropriate committees of Congress an as-
sessment on the intelligence-sharing rela-
tionships of the intelligence community 
with foreign partners in Latin America on 
counternarcotics matters. 
(c) FORM.—The assessment required by 
subsection (b) shall be submitted in unclassi-
fied form, but may include a classified 
annex. 
SEC. 335. REPORT ON UNITED STATES SOUTHERN 
COMMAND 
INTELLIGENCE 
CAPA-
BILITIES. 
(a) DEFINITION
OF
APPROPRIATE
COMMIT-
TEES OF CONGRESS.—In this section, the term 
‘‘appropriate 
committees 
of 
Congress’’ 
means— 
(1) the congressional intelligence commit-
tees; 
(2) the Committee on Armed Services and 
the Committee on Appropriations of the Sen-
ate; and 
(3) the Committee on Armed Services and 
the Committee on Appropriations of the 
House of Representatives. 
(b) REPORT REQUIRED.—Not later than 120 
days after the date of the enactment of this 
Act, the Director of the Defense Intelligence 
Agency, in consultation with such other Fed-
eral Government entities as the Director 
considers relevant, shall submit to the ap-
propriate committees of Congress a report 
detailing the status of United States South-
ern Command’s intelligence collection, anal-
ysis, and operational capabilities to support 
Latin America-based missions. 
(c) FORM.—The report required by sub-
section (b) shall be submitted in unclassified 
form, but may include a classified annex. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00191
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 202-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8734 
November 19, 2021 
SEC. 
336. 
DIRECTOR 
OF 
NATIONAL 
INTEL-
LIGENCE REPORT ON TRENDS IN 
TECHNOLOGIES OF STRATEGIC IM-
PORTANCE TO UNITED STATES. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Not less frequently than 
once every 2 years until the date that is 4 
years after the date of the enactment of this 
Act, the Director of National Intelligence 
shall, in consultation with the Secretary of 
Commerce and the Director of the Office of 
Science and Technology Policy, submit to 
Congress a report assessing commercial and 
foreign trends in technologies the Director 
considers of strategic importance to the na-
tional and economic security of the United 
States. 
(b) CONTENTS.—The report required by sub-
section (a) shall include the following: 
(1) A list of the top technology focus areas 
that the Director considers to be of the most 
strategic importance to the United States. 
(2) A list of the top technology focus areas 
in which countries that are adversarial to 
the United States are poised to match or sur-
pass the technological leadership of the 
United States. 
(c) FORM.—Each report submitted under 
subsection (a) may take the form of a Na-
tional Intelligence Estimate and shall be 
submitted in classified form, but may in-
clude an unclassified summary. 
SEC. 337. REPORT ON NORD STREAM II COMPA-
NIES AND INTELLIGENCE TIES. 
(a) DEFINITION
OF
APPROPRIATE
COMMIT-
TEES OF CONGRESS.—In this section, the term 
‘‘appropriate 
committees 
of 
Congress’’ 
means— 
(1) the congressional intelligence commit-
tees; 
(2) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee 
on 
Commerce, 
Science, 
and 
Transportation, the Committee on Banking, 
Housing, and Urban Affairs, the Committee 
on Foreign Relations, and the Committee on 
Appropriations of the Senate; and 
(3) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, the 
Committee on Financial Services, the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, and the Com-
mittee on Appropriations of the House of 
Representatives. 
(b) REPORT REQUIRED.—Not later than 30 
days after the date of the enactment of this 
Act, the Director of National Intelligence, in 
consultation with other appropriate Federal 
Government entities, shall submit to the ap-
propriate committees of Congress a report on 
Nord Stream II efforts, including: 
(1) an unclassified list of all companies 
supporting the Nord Stream II project; and 
(2) an updated assessment of current or 
former ties between Nord Stream’s Chief Ex-
ecutive Officer and Russian, East German, or 
other hostile intelligence agencies. 
(c) FORM.—The report required under sub-
section (b) shall be submitted in unclassified 
form, but may include a classified annex, if 
necessary. 
SEC. 338. ASSESSMENT OF ORGANIZATION OF DE-
FENSIVE 
INNOVATION 
AND 
RE-
SEARCH ACTIVITIES. 
(a) DEFINITION
OF
APPROPRIATE
COMMIT-
TEES OF CONGRESS.—In this section, the term 
‘‘appropriate 
committees 
of 
Congress’’ 
means— 
(1) the congressional intelligence commit-
tees; 
(2) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Foreign Relations, and the 
Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; 
and 
(3) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Com-
mittee on Appropriations of the House of 
Representatives. 
(b) ASSESSMENT REQUIRED.—Not later than 
120 days after the date of the enactment of 
this Act, the Director of National Intel-
ligence, in consultation with other appro-
priate Federal Government entities, shall 
submit to the appropriate committees of 
Congress an assessment of the activities and 
objectives of the Organization of Defensive 
Innovation and Research (SPND). This as-
sessment shall include information about the 
composition of the organization, the rela-
tionship of its personnel to any research on 
weapons 
of 
mass 
destruction, 
and 
any 
sources of financial and material support 
that such organization receives, including 
from the Government of Iran. 
(c) FORM.—The assessment required under 
subsection (b) shall be submitted in unclassi-
fied form, but may include a classified 
annex, if necessary. 
SEC. 339. REPORT ON INTELLIGENCE COMMU-
NITY SUPPORT TO VISAS MANTIS 
PROGRAM. 
(a) DEFINITION
OF
APPROPRIATE
COMMIT-
TEES OF CONGRESS.—In this section, the term 
‘‘appropriate 
committees 
of 
Congress’’ 
means— 
(1) the congressional intelligence commit-
tees; 
(2) the Committee on Foreign Relations, 
the Committee on the Judiciary, the Com-
mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-
fairs, and the Committee on Appropriations 
of the Senate; and 
(3) the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the 
Committee on the Judiciary, the Committee 
on Financial Services, and the Committee on 
Appropriations of the House of Representa-
tives. 
(b) REPORT.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 120 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
the Director of National Intelligence, in con-
sultation with the head of any other appro-
priate Government entity, shall submit to 
the appropriate committees of Congress a re-
port on intelligence matters relating to the 
Visas Mantis program, including efforts by— 
(A) the intelligence community to provide 
and plan for effective intelligence support to 
such program; and 
(B) hostile intelligence services to exploit 
such program or any other program by which 
visas for admission to the United States are 
issued. 
(2) FORM.—The report required by para-
graph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified 
form but may include a classified annex, as 
necessary. 
SEC. 340. PLAN FOR ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE 
DIGITAL ECOSYSTEM. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
the Director of National Intelligence shall— 
(1) develop a plan for the development and 
resourcing of a modern digital ecosystem 
that embraces state-of-the-art tools and 
modern processes to enable development, 
testing, fielding, and continuous updating of 
artificial intelligence-powered applications 
at speed and scale from headquarters to the 
tactical edge; and 
(2) submit to the Select Committee on In-
telligence of the Senate and the Permanent 
Select Committee on Intelligence of the 
House of Representatives the plan developed 
under paragraph (1). 
(b) CONTENTS OF PLAN.—At a minimum, the 
plan required by subsection (a) shall include 
the following: 
(1) A roadmap for adopting a hoteling 
model to allow trusted small- and medium- 
sized artificial intelligence companies access 
to classified facilities on a flexible basis. 
(2) An open architecture and an evolving 
reference design and guidance for needed 
technical investments in the proposed eco-
system that address issues, including com-
mon interfaces, authentication, applications, 
platforms, software, hardware, and data in-
frastructure. 
(3) A governance structure, together with 
associated policies and guidance, to drive the 
implementation of the reference throughout 
the intelligence community on a federated 
basis. 
(4) Recommendations to ensure that use of 
artificial intelligence and associated data in 
Federal 
Government 
operations 
comport 
with rights relating to freedom of expres-
sion, equal protection, privacy, and due proc-
ess. 
(c) FORM.—The plan submitted under sub-
section (a)(2) shall be submitted in unclassi-
fied form, but may include a classified 
annex. 
SEC. 341. STUDY ON UTILITY OF EXPANDED PER-
SONNEL MANAGEMENT AUTHORITY. 
(a) DEFINITION
OF
APPROPRIATE
COMMIT-
TEES OF CONGRESS.—In this section, the term 
‘‘appropriate 
committees 
of 
Congress’’ 
means— 
(1) the congressional intelligence commit-
tees; 
(2) the Committee on Armed Services of 
the Senate; and 
(3) the Committee on Armed Services of 
the House of Representatives. 
(b) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
the Under Secretary of Defense for Intel-
ligence and Security and the Director of Na-
tional Intelligence shall jointly submit to 
the appropriate committees of Congress a 
study on the utility of providing elements of 
the intelligence community of the Depart-
ment of Defense, other than the National 
Geospatial-Intelligence 
Agency, 
personnel 
management authority to attract experts in 
science and engineering under section 1599h 
of title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 342. ASSESSMENT OF ROLE OF FOREIGN 
GROUPS IN DOMESTIC VIOLENT EX-
TREMISM. 
(a) DEFINITION
OF
APPROPRIATE
COMMIT-
TEES OF CONGRESS.—In this section, the term 
‘‘appropriate 
committees 
of 
Congress’’ 
means— 
(1) the congressional intelligence commit-
tees; 
(2) the Committee on Foreign Relations 
and the Committee on the Judiciary of the 
Senate; and 
(3) the Committee on Foreign Affairs and 
the Committee on the Judiciary of the House 
of Representatives. 
(b) ASSESSMENT REQUIRED.—Not later than 
180 days after the date of the enactment of 
this Act, the Director of National Intel-
ligence shall— 
(1) complete an assessment to identify the 
role of foreign groups, including entities, ad-
versaries, governments, or other groups, in 
domestic violent extremist activities in the 
United States; and 
(2) submit to the appropriate committees 
of Congress the findings of the Director with 
respect to the assessment completed under 
paragraph (1). 
(c) FORM.—The findings submitted under 
subsection (b)(2) shall be submitted in un-
classified form, but may include a classified 
annex. 
SEC. 343. REPORT ON THE ASSESSMENT OF ALL- 
SOURCE CYBER INTELLIGENCE IN-
FORMATION, WITH AN EMPHASIS ON 
SUPPLY CHAIN RISKS. 
(a) REPORT REQUIRED.—Not later than 180 
days after the date of the enactment of this 
Act, the Director of National Intelligence 
shall submit to the congressional intel-
ligence committees a report on the potential 
to strengthen all-source intelligence integra-
tion relating to foreign cyber threats, with 
an emphasis on cyber supply chain risks. 
(b) CONTENTS.—The report required under 
subsection (a) shall include the following: 
(1) An assessment of the effectiveness of 
the all-source cyber intelligence integration 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00192
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 203-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8735 
November 19, 2021 
capabilities of the Office of the Director of 
National Intelligence and recommendations 
for such changes as the Director considers 
necessary to strengthen those capabilities. 
(2) An assessment of the effectiveness of 
the Office of the Director of National Intel-
ligence in analyzing and reporting on cyber 
supply chain risks, including efforts under-
taken by the National Counterintelligence 
and Security Center. 
(3) Mitigation plans for any gaps or defi-
ciencies identified in the assessments in-
cluded under paragraphs (1) and (2). 
SEC. 344. SUPPORT FOR AND OVERSIGHT OF UN-
IDENTIFIED 
AERIAL 
PHENOMENA 
TASK FORCE. 
(a) DEFINITIONS.—In this section: 
(1) 
APPROPRIATE
COMMITTEES
OF
CON-
GRESS.—The term ‘‘appropriate committees 
of Congress’’ includes: 
(A) The congressional intelligence commit-
tees. 
(B) The Committee on Armed Services of 
the Senate. 
(C) The Committee on Commerce, Science, 
and Transportation of the Senate. 
(D) The Committee on Armed Services of 
the House of Representatives. 
(E) The Committee on Transportation and 
Infrastructure of the House of Representa-
tives. 
(F) The Committee on Science, Space, and 
Technology of the House of Representatives. 
(2) UNIDENTIFIED AERIAL PHENOMENA TASK 
FORCE.—The term ‘‘Unidentified Aerial Phe-
nomena Task Force’’ means the task force 
established by the Department of Defense on 
August 4, 2020, to be led by the Department 
of the Navy, under the Office of the Under 
Secretary of Defense for Intelligence and Se-
curity. 
(b) AVAILABILITY OF DATA ON UNIDENTIFIED 
AERIAL
PHENOMENA.—The Director of Na-
tional Intelligence and the Secretary of De-
fense shall each, in coordination with each 
other, require each element of the intel-
ligence community and the Department of 
Defense with data relating to unidentified 
aerial phenomena to make such data avail-
able immediately to the Unidentified Aerial 
Phenomena Task Force and to the National 
Air and Space Intelligence Center. 
(c) QUARTERLY REPORTS TO CONGRESS.— 
(1) IN
GENERAL.—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act 
and not less frequently than quarterly there-
after, the Unidentified Aerial Phenomena 
Task Force, or such other entity as the Dep-
uty Secretary of Defense may designate to 
be responsible for matters relating to un-
identified aerial phenomena, shall submit to 
the appropriate committees of Congress 
quarterly reports on the findings of the Un-
identified Aerial Phenomena Task Force, or 
such other designated entity as the case may 
be. 
(2) 
CONTENTS.—Each 
report 
submitted 
under paragraph (1) shall include, at a min-
imum, the following: 
(A) All reported unidentified aerial phe-
nomena-related events that occurred during 
the previous 90 days. 
(B) All reported unidentified aerial phe-
nomena-related events that occurred during 
a time period other than the previous 90 days 
but were not included in an earlier report. 
(3) FORM.—Each report submitted under 
paragraph (1) shall be submitted in classified 
form. 
SEC. 345. PUBLICATION OF UNCLASSIFIED AP-
PENDICES FROM REPORTS ON IN-
TELLIGENCE COMMUNITY PARTICI-
PATION IN VULNERABILITIES EQUI-
TIES PROCESS. 
Section 6720(c) of the National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2020 (50 
U.S.C. 3316a(c)) is amended by adding at the 
end the following: 
‘‘(4) PUBLICATION.—The Director of Na-
tional Intelligence shall make available to 
the public each unclassified appendix sub-
mitted with a report under paragraph (1) 
pursuant to paragraph (2).’’. 
SEC. 346. REPORT ON FUTURE STRUCTURE AND 
RESPONSIBILITIES OF FOREIGN MA-
LIGN INFLUENCE CENTER. 
(a) ASSESSMENT
AND REPORT REQUIRED.— 
Not later than one year after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the Director of Na-
tional Intelligence shall— 
(1) conduct an assessment as to the future 
structure and responsibilities of the Foreign 
Malign Influence Center; and 
(2) submit to the congressional intelligence 
committees a report on the findings of the 
Director with respect to the assessment con-
ducted under paragraph (1). 
(b) ELEMENTS.—The assessment conducted 
under subsection (a)(1) shall include an as-
sessment of whether— 
(1) the Director of the Foreign Malign In-
fluence Center should continue to report di-
rectly to the Director of National Intel-
ligence; or 
(2) the Foreign Malign Influence Center 
should become an element of the National 
Counterintelligence and Security Center and 
the Director of the Foreign Malign Influence 
Center should report to the Director of the 
National Counterintelligence and Security 
Center. 
Subtitle D—People’s Republic of China 
SEC. 351. ASSESSMENT OF POSTURE AND CAPA-
BILITIES OF INTELLIGENCE COMMU-
NITY WITH RESPECT TO ACTIONS OF 
THE PEOPLE’S REPUBLIC OF CHINA 
TARGETING TAIWAN. 
(a) DEFINITION
OF
APPROPRIATE
COMMIT-
TEES OF CONGRESS.—In this section, the term 
‘‘appropriate 
committees 
of 
Congress’’ 
means— 
(1) the congressional intelligence commit-
tees; 
(2) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Foreign Relations, and the 
Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; 
and 
(3) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Com-
mittee on Appropriations of the House of 
Representatives. 
(b) ASSESSMENT REQUIRED.—Not later than 
180 days after the date of the enactment of 
this Act, the Director of National Intel-
ligence and the Director of the Central Intel-
ligence Agency shall jointly— 
(1) complete an assessment to identify 
whether the posture and capabilities of the 
intelligence community are adequate to pro-
vide— 
(A) sufficient indications and warnings re-
garding actions of the People’s Republic of 
China targeting Taiwan; and 
(B) policymakers with sufficient lead time 
to respond to actions described in subpara-
graph (A); and 
(2) submit to the appropriate committees 
of Congress the findings of the assessment 
completed under paragraph (1). 
(c) FORM.—The findings submitted under 
subsection (b)(2) shall be submitted in un-
classified form, but may include a classified 
annex. 
SEC. 352. PLAN TO COOPERATE WITH INTEL-
LIGENCE AGENCIES OF KEY DEMO-
CRATIC 
COUNTRIES 
REGARDING 
TECHNOLOGICAL 
COMPETITION 
WITH 
PEOPLE’S 
REPUBLIC 
OF 
CHINA. 
(a) DEFINITION
OF
APPROPRIATE
COMMIT-
TEES OF CONGRESS.—In this section, the term 
‘‘appropriate 
committees 
of 
Congress’’ 
means— 
(1) the congressional intelligence commit-
tees; 
(2) the Committee on Foreign Relations 
and the Committee on Banking, Housing, 
and Urban Affairs of the Senate; and 
(3) the Committee on Foreign Affairs and 
the Committee on Financial Services of the 
House of Representatives. 
(b) PLAN REQUIRED.—Not later than 180 
days after the date of the enactment of this 
Act, the Director of National Intelligence 
shall submit to the appropriate committees 
of Congress a plan to increase cooperation 
with the intelligence agencies of key demo-
cratic countries and key partners and allies 
of the United States in order to track and 
analyze the following: 
(1) 
Technology 
capabilities 
and 
gaps 
among allied and partner countries of the 
United States. 
(2) Current capabilities of the People’s Re-
public of China in critical technologies and 
components. 
(3) The efforts of the People’s Republic of 
China to buy startups, conduct joint ven-
tures, and invest in specific technologies 
globally. 
(4) The technology development of the Peo-
ple’s Republic of China in key technology 
sectors. 
(5) The efforts of the People’s Republic of 
China relating to standard-setting forums. 
(6) Supply chain vulnerabilities for key 
technology sectors. 
SEC. 353. ASSESSMENT OF PEOPLE’S REPUBLIC 
OF CHINA GENOMIC COLLECTION. 
(a) DEFINITION
OF
APPROPRIATE
COMMIT-
TEES OF CONGRESS.—In this section, the term 
‘‘appropriate 
committees 
of 
Congress’’ 
means— 
(1) the congressional intelligence commit-
tees; 
(2) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-
ernmental Affairs, the Committee on Health, 
Education, Labor, and Pensions, the Com-
mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-
fairs, and the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions of the Senate; and 
(3) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Homeland Security, the Com-
mittee on Labor and Education, the Com-
mittee on Financial Services, and the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs of the House of 
Representatives. 
(b) ASSESSMENT REQUIRED.—Not later than 
180 days after the date of the enactment of 
this Act, the Director of National Intel-
ligence, in consultation with other appro-
priate Federal Government entities, shall 
submit to the appropriate committees of 
Congress an assessment of the People’s Re-
public of China’s plans, intentions, capabili-
ties, and resources devoted to biotechnology, 
and the objectives underlying those activi-
ties. The assessment shall include— 
(1) a detailed analysis of efforts under-
taken by the People’s Republic of China 
(PRC) 
to 
acquire 
foreign-origin 
bio-
technology, research and development, and 
genetic information, including technology 
owned by United States companies, research 
by United States institutions, and the ge-
netic information of United States citizens; 
(2) identification of PRC-based organiza-
tions conducting or directing these efforts, 
including information about the ties between 
those organizations and the PRC govern-
ment, the Chinese Communist Party, or the 
People’s Liberation Army; and 
(3) a detailed analysis of the intelligence 
community 
resources 
devoted 
to 
bio-
technology, including synthetic biology and 
genomic-related issues, and a plan to im-
prove understanding of these issues and en-
sure the intelligence community has the req-
uisite expertise. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00193
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 204-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8736 
November 19, 2021 
(c) FORM.—The assessment required under 
subsection (b) shall be submitted in unclassi-
fied form, but may include a classified 
annex, if necessary. 
SEC. 354. UPDATES TO ANNUAL REPORTS ON IN-
FLUENCE OPERATIONS AND CAM-
PAIGNS IN THE UNITED STATES BY 
THE CHINESE COMMUNIST PARTY. 
Section 1107(b) of the National Security 
Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3237(b)) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraph (9) as para-
graph (10); and 
(2) by inserting after paragraph (8) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(9) A listing of all known Chinese talent 
recruitment 
programs 
operating 
in 
the 
United States as of the date of the report.’’. 
SEC. 355. REPORT ON INFLUENCE OF PEOPLE’S 
REPUBLIC 
OF 
CHINA 
THROUGH 
BELT 
AND 
ROAD 
INITIATIVE 
PROJECTS WITH OTHER COUNTRIES. 
(a) DEFINITION
OF
APPROPRIATE
COMMIT-
TEES OF CONGRESS.—In this section, the term 
‘‘appropriate 
committees 
of 
Congress’’ 
means— 
(1) the congressional intelligence commit-
tees; 
(2) the Committee on Foreign Relations of 
the Senate; and 
(3) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the 
House of Representatives. 
(b) REPORT REQUIRED.—Not later than 180 
days after the date of the enactment of this 
Act, the Director of National Intelligence 
shall submit to the appropriate committees 
of Congress a report on recent projects nego-
tiated by the People’s Republic of China with 
other countries as part of the Belt and Road 
Initiative of the People’s Republic of China. 
Such report shall include information about 
the types of such projects, costs of such 
projects, and the potential national security 
implications of such projects. 
(c) FORM.—The report submitted under 
subsection (b) shall be submitted in unclassi-
fied form, but may include a classified 
annex. 
SEC. 356. STUDY ON THE CREATION OF AN OFFI-
CIAL DIGITAL CURRENCY BY THE 
PEOPLE’S REPUBLIC OF CHINA. 
(a) DEFINITION
OF
APPROPRIATE
COMMIT-
TEES OF CONGRESS.—In this section, the term 
‘‘appropriate 
committees 
of 
Congress’’ 
means— 
(1) the congressional intelligence commit-
tees; 
(2) the Committee on Banking, Housing, 
and Urban Affairs, the Committee on For-
eign Relations, and the Committee on Appro-
priations of the Senate; and 
(3) the Committee on Financial Services, 
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the 
Committee on Appropriations of the House 
of Representatives. 
(b) IN GENERAL.—Not later than one year 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
the President shall submit to the appro-
priate committees of Congress a report on 
the short-, medium-, and long-term national 
security risks associated with the creation 
and use of the official digital renminbi of the 
People’s Republic of China, including— 
(1) risks arising from potential surveil-
lance of transactions; 
(2) risks related to security and illicit fi-
nance; and 
(3) risks related to economic coercion and 
social control by the People’s Republic of 
China. 
(c) FORM OF REPORT.—The report required 
by subsection (b) shall be submitted in un-
classified form, but may include a classified 
annex. 
SEC. 357. REPORT ON EFFORTS OF CHINESE COM-
MUNIST PARTY TO ERODE FREEDOM 
AND AUTONOMY IN HONG KONG. 
(a) DEFINITION
OF
APPROPRIATE
COMMIT-
TEES OF CONGRESS.—In this section, the term 
‘‘appropriate 
committees 
of 
Congress’’ 
means— 
(1) the congressional intelligence commit-
tees; 
(2) the Committee on Foreign Relations 
and the Committee on Banking, Housing, 
and Urban Affairs of the Senate; and 
(3) the Committee on Foreign Affairs and 
the Committee on Financial Services of the 
House of Representatives. 
(b) REPORT REQUIRED.—Not later than 180 
days after the date of the enactment of this 
Act, the Director of National Intelligence 
shall submit to the appropriate committees 
of Congress a report on efforts of the Chinese 
Communist Party to stifle political freedoms 
in Hong Kong, influence or manipulate the 
judiciary of Hong Kong, destroy freedom of 
the press and speech in Hong Kong, and take 
actions to otherwise undermine the demo-
cratic processes of Hong Kong. 
(c) CONTENTS.—The report submitted under 
subsection (b) shall include an assessment of 
the implications of the efforts of the Chinese 
Communist Party described in such sub-
section for international business, investors, 
academic institutions, and other individuals 
operating in Hong Kong. 
(d) FORM.—The report submitted under 
subsection (b) shall be submitted in unclassi-
fied form, but may include a classified 
annex. 
SEC. 358. REPORT ON TARGETING OF RENEW-
ABLE SECTORS BY CHINA. 
(a) DEFINITION
OF
APPROPRIATE
COMMIT-
TEES OF CONGRESS.—In this section, the term 
‘‘appropriate 
committees 
of 
Congress’’ 
means— 
(1) the congressional intelligence commit-
tees; 
(2) the Committee on Foreign Relations of 
the Senate; and 
(3) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the 
House of Representatives. 
(b) REPORT REQUIRED.—Not later than 180 
days after the date of the enactment of this 
Act, the Director of National Intelligence 
shall submit to the appropriate committees 
of Congress a report assessing the efforts and 
advancements of China in the wind power, 
solar power, and electric vehicle battery pro-
duction sectors (or key components of such 
sectors). 
(c) CONTENTS.—The report submitted under 
subsection (b) shall include the following: 
(1) An assessment of how China is tar-
geting rare earth minerals and the effect of 
such targeting on the sectors described in 
subsection (b). 
(2) Details of the use by the Chinese Com-
munist Party of state-sanctioned forced 
labor schemes, including forced labor and 
the transfer of Uyghurs and other ethnic 
groups, and other human rights abuses in 
such sectors. 
(d) FORM.—The report submitted under 
subsection (b) shall be submitted in unclassi-
fied form, but may include a classified 
annex. 
TITLE IV—ANOMALOUS HEALTH 
INCIDENTS 
SEC. 401. DEFINITION OF ANOMALOUS HEALTH 
INCIDENT. 
In this title, the term ‘‘anomalous health 
incident’’ means an unexplained health event 
characterized by any of a collection of symp-
toms and clinical signs that includes the 
sudden onset of perceived loud sound, a sen-
sation of intense pressure or vibration in the 
head, possibly with a directional character, 
followed by the onset of tinnitus, hearing 
loss, acute disequilibrium, unsteady gait, 
visual disturbances, and ensuing cognitive 
dysfunction. 
SEC. 402. ASSESSMENT AND REPORT ON INTER-
AGENCY COMMUNICATION RELAT-
ING 
TO 
EFFORTS 
TO 
ADDRESS 
ANOMALOUS HEALTH INCIDENTS. 
(a) DEFINITION
OF
APPROPRIATE
COMMIT-
TEES OF CONGRESS.—In this section, the term 
‘‘appropriate 
committees 
of 
Congress’’ 
means— 
(1) the congressional intelligence commit-
tees; 
(2) the Committee on Foreign Relations of 
the Senate; and 
(3) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the 
House of Representatives. 
(b) ASSESSMENT
AND REPORT REQUIRED.— 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the Director of Na-
tional Intelligence shall— 
(1) conduct an assessment of how the var-
ious elements of the intelligence community 
are coordinating or collaborating with each 
other and with elements of the Federal Gov-
ernment that are not part of the intelligence 
community in their efforts to address anom-
alous health incidents; and 
(2) submit to the appropriate committees 
of Congress a report on the findings of the 
Director with respect to the assessment con-
ducted under paragraph (1). 
(c) FORM.—The report submitted pursuant 
to subsection (b)(2) shall be submitted in un-
classified form, but may include a classified 
annex. 
SEC. 403. ADVISORY PANEL ON THE OFFICE OF 
MEDICAL SERVICES OF THE CEN-
TRAL INTELLIGENCE AGENCY. 
(a) ESTABLISHMENT.—Not later than 180 
days after the date of the enactment of this 
Act, the Director of National Intelligence 
shall establish, under the sponsorship of such 
entities as the Director considers appro-
priate, an advisory panel to assess the capa-
bilities, expertise, and qualifications of the 
Office of Medical Services of the Central In-
telligence Agency in relation to the care and 
health management of personnel of the intel-
ligence community who are reporting symp-
toms consistent with anomalous health inci-
dents. 
(b) MEMBERSHIP.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—The advisory panel shall 
be composed of at least 9 individuals selected 
by the Director of National Intelligence from 
among individuals who are recognized ex-
perts in the medical profession and intel-
ligence community. 
(2) DIVERSITY.—In making appointments to 
the advisory panel, the Director shall ensure 
that the members of the panel reflect diverse 
experiences in the public and private sectors. 
(c) DUTIES.—The duties of the advisory 
panel established under subsection (a) are as 
follows: 
(1) To review the performance of the Office 
of Medical Services of the Central Intel-
ligence Agency, specifically as it relates to 
the medical care of personnel of the intel-
ligence community who are reporting symp-
toms consistent with anomalous health inci-
dents during the period beginning on Janu-
ary 1, 2016, and ending on December 31, 2021. 
(2) To assess the policies and procedures 
that guided external treatment referral prac-
tices for Office of Medical Services patients 
who reported symptoms consistent with 
anomalous health incidents during the pe-
riod described in paragraph (1). 
(3) To develop recommendations regarding 
capabilities, processes, and policies to im-
prove patient treatment by the Office of 
Medical Services with regard to anomalous 
health incidents, including with respect to 
access to external treatment facilities and 
specialized medical care. 
(4) To prepare and submit a report as re-
quired by subsection (e)(1). 
(d) ADMINISTRATIVE MATTERS.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—The Director of the Cen-
tral Intelligence Agency shall provide the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00194
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 205-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8737 
November 19, 2021 
advisory panel established pursuant to sub-
section (a) with timely access to appropriate 
information, data, resources, and analysis so 
that the advisory panel may carry out the 
duties of the advisory panel under subsection 
(c). 
(2) INAPPLICABILITY OF FACA.—The require-
ments of the Federal Advisory Committee 
Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall not apply to the ad-
visory panel established pursuant to sub-
section (a). 
(e) REPORTS.— 
(1) FINAL REPORT.—Not later than 1 year 
after the date on which the Director of Na-
tional Intelligence establishes the advisory 
panel pursuant to subsection (a), the advi-
sory panel shall submit to the Director of 
National Intelligence, the Director of the 
Central Intelligence Agency, and the con-
gressional intelligence committees a final 
report on the activities of the advisory panel 
under this section. 
(2) ELEMENTS.—The final report submitted 
under paragraph (1) shall contain a detailed 
statement of the findings and conclusions of 
the panel, including— 
(A) a history of anomalous health inci-
dents; and 
(B) such additional recommendations for 
legislation or administrative action as the 
advisory panel considers appropriate. 
(3) INTERIM REPORT OR BRIEFING.—Not later 
than 180 days after the date of the enactment 
of this Act, the Director of National Intel-
ligence shall submit to the congressional in-
telligence committees a report or provide 
such committees a briefing on the interim 
findings of the advisory panel with respect to 
the elements set forth in paragraph (2). 
(4) COMMENTS OF THE DIRECTOR OF NATIONAL 
INTELLIGENCE.—Not later than 30 days after 
receiving the final report of the advisory 
panel under paragraph (1), the Director of 
National Intelligence shall submit to the 
congressional intelligence committees such 
comments as the Director may have with re-
spect to such report. 
SEC. 404. JOINT TASK FORCE TO INVESTIGATE 
ANOMALOUS HEALTH INCIDENTS. 
(a) DEFINITION
OF
APPROPRIATE
COMMIT-
TEES OF CONGRESS.—In this section, the term 
‘‘appropriate 
committees 
of 
Congress’’ 
means— 
(1) the congressional intelligence commit-
tees; 
(2) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Foreign Relations, the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and the Committee 
on Appropriations of the Senate; and 
(3) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and the Committee 
on Appropriations of the House of Represent-
atives. 
(b) JOINT TASK FORCE REQUIRED.—The Di-
rector of National Intelligence and the Di-
rector of the Federal Bureau of Investigation 
shall jointly establish a task force to inves-
tigate anomalous health incidents. 
(c) CONSULTATION.—In carrying out an in-
vestigation under subsection (b), the task 
force established under such subsection shall 
consult with the Secretary of Defense. 
(d) REPORT TO CONGRESS.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the 
task force established under subsection (b) 
shall complete the investigation required by 
such subsection and submit to the appro-
priate committees of Congress a written re-
port on the findings of the task force with 
respect to such investigation. 
(2) FORM.—The report submitted pursuant 
to paragraph (1) shall be submitted in un-
classified form, but may include a classified 
annex. 
SEC. 
405. 
REPORTING 
ON 
OCCURRENCE 
OF 
ANOMALOUS HEALTH INCIDENTS. 
(a) DEFINITION
OF
APPROPRIATE
COMMIT-
TEES OF CONGRESS.—In this section, the term 
‘‘appropriate 
committees 
of 
Congress’’ 
means— 
(1) the congressional intelligence commit-
tees; 
(2) the Committee on Appropriations of the 
Senate; and 
(3) the Committee on Appropriations of the 
House of Representatives. 
(b) IN GENERAL.—Whenever the head of an 
element of the intelligence community be-
comes aware of a report of an anomalous 
health incident occurring among the em-
ployees or contractors of the element, the 
head of the element shall submit to the ap-
propriate committees of Congress a brief re-
port on the reported incident. 
SEC. 406. ACCESS TO CERTAIN FACILITIES OF 
UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT FOR 
ASSESSMENT 
OF 
ANOMALOUS 
HEALTH CONDITIONS. 
(a) ASSESSMENT.—The Director of National 
Intelligence shall ensure that elements of 
the intelligence community provide to em-
ployees of elements of the intelligence com-
munity and their family members who are 
experiencing symptoms of anomalous health 
conditions timely access for medical assess-
ment to facilities of the United States Gov-
ernment with expertise in traumatic brain 
injury. 
(b) PROCESS FOR ASSESSMENT AND TREAT-
MENT.—The Director of National Intelligence 
shall coordinate with the Secretary of De-
fense and the heads of such Federal agencies 
as the Director considers appropriate to en-
sure there is a process to provide employees 
and their family members described in sub-
section (a) with timely access to the Na-
tional Intrepid Center of Excellence, an In-
trepid Spirit Center, or an appropriate mili-
tary medical treatment facility for assess-
ment and, if necessary, treatment, by not 
later than 60 days after the date of the enact-
ment of this Act. 
TITLE V—SECURITY CLEARANCES AND 
TRUSTED WORKFORCE 
SEC. 
501. 
EXCLUSIVITY, 
CONSISTENCY, 
AND 
TRANSPARENCY 
IN 
SECURITY 
CLEARANCE 
PROCEDURES, 
AND 
RIGHT TO APPEAL. 
(a) EXCLUSIVITY OF PROCEDURES.—Section 
801 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 
U.S.C. 3161) is amended by adding at the end 
the following: 
‘‘(c) EXCLUSIVITY.—Except as provided in 
subsection (b) and subject to sections 801A 
and 801B, the procedures established pursu-
ant to subsection (a) and promulgated and 
set forth under part 2001 of title 32, Code of 
Federal Regulations, or successor regula-
tions, shall be the exclusive procedures by 
which decisions about eligibility for access 
to classified information are governed.’’. 
(b) TRANSPARENCY.—Such section is fur-
ther amended by adding at the end the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(d) PUBLICATION.— 
‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this sub-
section, the President shall— 
‘‘(A) publish in the Federal Register the 
procedures established pursuant to sub-
section (a); or 
‘‘(B) submit to Congress a certification 
that the procedures currently in effect that 
govern access to classified information as de-
scribed in subsection (a)— 
‘‘(i) are published in the Federal Register; 
and 
‘‘(ii) comply with the requirements of sub-
section (a). 
‘‘(2) UPDATES.—Whenever the President 
makes a revision to a procedure established 
pursuant to subsection (a), the President 
shall publish such revision in the Federal 
Register not later than 30 days before the 
date on which the revision becomes effec-
tive.’’. 
(c) CONSISTENCY.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—Title VIII of the National 
Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3161 et seq.) is 
amended by inserting after section 801 the 
following: 
‘‘SEC. 801A. DECISIONS RELATING TO ACCESS TO 
CLASSIFIED INFORMATION. 
‘‘(a) DEFINITIONS.—In this section: 
‘‘(1) AGENCY.—The term ‘agency’ has the 
meaning given the term ‘Executive agency’ 
in section 105 of title 5, United States Code. 
‘‘(2) CLASSIFIED
INFORMATION.—The term 
‘classified information’ includes sensitive 
compartmented information, restricted data, 
restricted handling information, and other 
compartmented information. 
‘‘(3) ELIGIBILITY FOR ACCESS TO CLASSIFIED 
INFORMATION.—The term ‘eligibility for ac-
cess to classified information’ has the mean-
ing given such term in the procedures estab-
lished pursuant to section 801(a). 
‘‘(b) IN GENERAL.—Each head of an agency 
that makes a determination regarding eligi-
bility for access to classified information 
shall ensure that in making the determina-
tion, the head of the agency or any person 
acting on behalf of the head of the agency— 
‘‘(1) does not violate any right or protec-
tion enshrined in the Constitution of the 
United States, including rights articulated 
in the First, Fifth, and Fourteenth Amend-
ments; 
‘‘(2) does not discriminate for or against an 
individual on the basis of race, ethnicity, 
color, religion, sex, national origin, age, or 
handicap; 
‘‘(3) is not carrying out— 
‘‘(A) retaliation for political activities or 
beliefs; or 
‘‘(B) a coercion or reprisal described in sec-
tion 2302(b)(3) of title 5, United States Code; 
and 
‘‘(4) does not violate section 3001(j)(1) of 
the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Pre-
vention Act of 2004 (50 U.S.C. 3341(j)(1)).’’. 
(2) CLERICAL
AMENDMENT.—The table of 
contents in the matter preceding section 2 of 
the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 
3002) is amended by inserting after the item 
relating to section 801 the following: 
‘‘Sec. 801A. Decisions relating to access to 
classified information.’’. 
(d) RIGHT TO APPEAL.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—Such title, as amended by 
subsection (c), is further amended by insert-
ing after section 801A the following: 
‘‘SEC. 801B. RIGHT TO APPEAL. 
‘‘(a) DEFINITIONS.—In this section: 
‘‘(1) AGENCY.—The term ‘agency’ has the 
meaning given the term ‘Executive agency’ 
in section 105 of title 5, United States Code. 
‘‘(2) COVERED PERSON.—The term ‘covered 
person’ means a person, other than the 
President and Vice President, currently or 
formerly employed in, detailed to, assigned 
to, or issued an authorized conditional offer 
of employment for a position that requires 
access to classified information by an agen-
cy, including the following: 
‘‘(A) A member of the Armed Forces. 
‘‘(B) A civilian. 
‘‘(C) An expert or consultant with a con-
tractual or personnel obligation to an agen-
cy. 
‘‘(D) Any other category of person who acts 
for or on behalf of an agency as determined 
by the head of the agency. 
‘‘(3) ELIGIBILITY FOR ACCESS TO CLASSIFIED 
INFORMATION.—The term ‘eligibility for ac-
cess to classified information’ has the mean-
ing given such term in the procedures estab-
lished pursuant to section 801(a). 
‘‘(4) NEED FOR ACCESS.—The term ‘need for 
access’ has such meaning as the President 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00195
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 206-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8738 
November 19, 2021 
may define in the procedures established 
pursuant to section 801(a). 
‘‘(5) RECIPROCITY OF CLEARANCE.—The term 
‘reciprocity of clearance’, with respect to a 
denial by an agency, means that the agency, 
with respect to a covered person— 
‘‘(A) failed to accept a security clearance 
background investigation as required by 
paragraph (1) of section 3001(d) of the Intel-
ligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention 
Act of 2004 (50 U.S.C. 3341(d)); 
‘‘(B) failed to accept a transferred security 
clearance background investigation required 
by paragraph (2) of such section; 
‘‘(C) subjected the covered person to an ad-
ditional investigative or adjudicative re-
quirement in violation of paragraph (3) of 
such section; or 
‘‘(D) conducted an investigation in viola-
tion of paragraph (4) of such section. 
‘‘(6) SECURITY EXECUTIVE AGENT.—The term 
‘Security Executive Agent’ means the officer 
serving as the Security Executive Agent pur-
suant to section 803. 
‘‘(b) AGENCY REVIEW.— 
‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of the Intel-
ligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 
2022, each head of an agency shall, consistent 
with the interests of national security, es-
tablish and publish in the Federal Register a 
process by which a covered person to whom 
eligibility for access to classified informa-
tion was denied or revoked by the agency or 
for whom reciprocity of clearance was denied 
by the agency can appeal that denial or rev-
ocation within the agency. 
‘‘(2) ELEMENTS.—The process required by 
paragraph (1) shall include the following: 
‘‘(A) In the case of a covered person to 
whom eligibility for access to classified in-
formation or reciprocity of clearance is de-
nied or revoked by an agency, the following: 
‘‘(i) The head of the agency shall provide 
the covered person with a written— 
‘‘(I) detailed explanation of the basis for 
the denial or revocation as the head of the 
agency determines is consistent with the in-
terests of national security and as permitted 
by other applicable provisions of law; and 
‘‘(II) notice of the right of the covered per-
son to a hearing and appeal under this sub-
section. 
‘‘(ii) Not later than 30 days after receiving 
a request from the covered person for copies 
of the documents that formed the basis of 
the agency’s decision to revoke or deny, in-
cluding the investigative file, the head of the 
agency shall provide to the covered person 
copies of such documents as— 
‘‘(I) the head of the agency determines is 
consistent with the interests of national se-
curity; and 
‘‘(II) permitted by other applicable provi-
sions of law, including— 
‘‘(aa) section 552 of title 5, United States 
Code (commonly known as the ‘Freedom of 
Information Act’); 
‘‘(bb) section 552a of such title (commonly 
known as the ‘Privacy Act of 1974’); and 
‘‘(cc) such other provisions of law relating 
to the protection of confidential sources and 
privacy of individuals. 
‘‘(iii)(I) The covered person shall have the 
opportunity to retain counsel or other rep-
resentation at the covered person’s expense. 
‘‘(II) Upon the request of the covered per-
son, and a showing that the ability to review 
classified information is essential to the res-
olution of an appeal under this subsection, 
counsel or other representation retained 
under this clause shall be considered for ac-
cess to classified information for the limited 
purposes of such appeal. 
‘‘(iv)(I) The head of the agency shall pro-
vide the covered person an opportunity, at a 
point in the process determined by the agen-
cy head— 
‘‘(aa) to appear personally before an adju-
dicative or other authority, other than the 
investigating entity, and to present to such 
authority relevant documents, materials, 
and information, including evidence that 
past problems relating to the denial or rev-
ocation have been overcome or sufficiently 
mitigated; and 
‘‘(bb) to call and cross-examine witnesses 
before such authority, unless the head of the 
agency determines that calling and cross-ex-
amining witnesses is not consistent with the 
interests of national security. 
‘‘(II) The head of the agency shall make, as 
part of the security record of the covered 
person, a written summary, transcript, or re-
cording of any appearance under item (aa) of 
subclause (I) or of any calling or cross-exam-
ining of witnesses under item (bb) of such 
subclause. 
‘‘(v) On or before the date that is 30 days 
after the date on which the covered person 
receives copies of documents under clause 
(ii), the covered person may request a hear-
ing of the decision to deny or revoke by fil-
ing a written appeal with the head of the 
agency. 
‘‘(B) A requirement that each review of a 
decision under this subsection is completed 
on average not later than 180 days after the 
date on which a hearing is requested under 
subparagraph (A)(v). 
‘‘(3) AGENCY REVIEW PANELS.— 
‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—Each head of an agency 
shall establish a panel to hear and review ap-
peals under this subsection. 
‘‘(B) MEMBERSHIP.— 
‘‘(i) COMPOSITION.—Each panel established 
by the head of an agency under subparagraph 
(A) shall be composed of at least 3 employees 
of the agency selected by the agency head, 
two of whom shall not be members of the se-
curity field. 
‘‘(ii) TERMS.—A term of service on a panel 
established by the head of an agency under 
subparagraph (A) shall not exceed 2 years. 
‘‘(C) DECISIONS.— 
‘‘(i) WRITTEN.—Each decision of a panel es-
tablished under subparagraph (A) shall be in 
writing and contain a justification of the de-
cision. 
‘‘(ii) CONSISTENCY.—Each head of an agency 
that establishes a panel under subparagraph 
(A) shall ensure that each decision of the 
panel is consistent with the interests of na-
tional security and applicable provisions of 
law. 
‘‘(iii) OVERTURN.—The head of an agency 
may overturn a decision of the panel if, not 
later than 30 days after the date on which 
the panel issues the decision, the agency 
head personally exercises the authority 
granted by this clause to overturn such deci-
sion. 
‘‘(iv) FINALITY.—Each decision of a panel 
established under subparagraph (A) or over-
turned pursuant to clause (iii) of this sub-
paragraph shall be final but subject to appeal 
and review under subsection (c). 
‘‘(D) ACCESS TO CLASSIFIED INFORMATION.— 
The head of an agency that establishes a 
panel under subparagraph (A) shall afford ac-
cess to classified information to the mem-
bers of the panel as the agency head deter-
mines— 
‘‘(i) necessary for the panel to hear and re-
view an appeal under this subsection; and 
‘‘(ii) consistent with the interests of na-
tional security. 
‘‘(4) REPRESENTATION BY COUNSEL.— 
‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—Each head of an agency 
shall ensure that, under this subsection, a 
covered person appealing a decision of the 
head’s agency under this subsection has an 
opportunity to retain counsel or other rep-
resentation at the covered person’s expense. 
‘‘(B) ACCESS TO CLASSIFIED INFORMATION.— 
‘‘(i) IN
GENERAL.—Upon the request of a 
covered person appealing a decision of an 
agency under this subsection and a showing 
that the ability to review classified informa-
tion is essential to the resolution of the ap-
peal under this subsection, the head of the 
agency shall sponsor an application by the 
counsel or other representation retained 
under this paragraph for access to classified 
information for the limited purposes of such 
appeal. 
‘‘(ii) EXTENT
OF
ACCESS.—Counsel or an-
other representative who is cleared for ac-
cess under this subparagraph may be af-
forded access to relevant classified materials 
to the extent consistent with the interests of 
national security. 
‘‘(5) CORRECTIVE ACTION.—If, in the course 
of proceedings under this subsection, the 
head of an agency or a panel established by 
the agency head under paragraph (3) decides 
that a covered person’s eligibility for access 
to classified information was improperly de-
nied or revoked by the agency, the agency 
shall take corrective action to return the 
covered person, as nearly as practicable and 
reasonable, to the position such covered per-
son would have held had the improper denial 
or revocation not occurred. 
‘‘(6) PUBLICATION OF DECISIONS.— 
‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—Each head of an agency 
shall publish each final decision on an appeal 
under this subsection. 
‘‘(B) REQUIREMENTS.—In order to ensure 
transparency, oversight by Congress, and 
meaningful information for those who need 
to understand how the clearance process 
works, each publication under subparagraph 
(A) shall be— 
‘‘(i) made in a manner that is consistent 
with section 552 of title 5, United States 
Code, as amended by the Electronic Freedom 
of Information Act Amendments of 1996 
(Public Law 104–231); 
‘‘(ii) published to explain the facts of the 
case, redacting personally identifiable infor-
mation and sensitive program information; 
and 
‘‘(iii) made available on a website that is 
searchable by members of the public. 
‘‘(c) HIGHER LEVEL REVIEW.— 
‘‘(1) PANEL.— 
‘‘(A) ESTABLISHMENT.—Not later than 180 
days after the date of the enactment of the 
Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal 
Year 2022, the Security Executive Agent 
shall establish a panel to review decisions 
made on appeals pursuant to the processes 
established under subsection (b). 
‘‘(B) SCOPE OF REVIEW AND JURISDICTION.— 
After the initial review to verify grounds for 
appeal, the panel established under subpara-
graph (A) shall review such decisions only— 
‘‘(i) as they relate to violations of section 
801A(b); or 
‘‘(ii) to the extent to which an agency 
properly conducted a review of an appeal 
under subsection (b). 
‘‘(C) COMPOSITION.—The panel established 
pursuant to subparagraph (A) shall be com-
posed of three individuals selected by the Se-
curity Executive Agent for purposes of the 
panel, of whom at least one shall be an attor-
ney. 
‘‘(2) APPEALS AND TIMELINESS.— 
‘‘(A) APPEALS.— 
‘‘(i) INITIATION.—On or before the date that 
is 30 days after the date on which a covered 
person receives a written decision on an ap-
peal under subsection (b), the covered person 
may initiate oversight of that decision by 
filing a written appeal with the Security Ex-
ecutive Agent. 
‘‘(ii) FILING.—A written appeal filed under 
clause (i) relating to a decision of an agency 
shall be filed in such form, in such manner, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00196
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 207-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8739 
November 19, 2021 
and containing such information as the Se-
curity Executive Agent may require, includ-
ing— 
‘‘(I) a description of— 
‘‘(aa) any alleged violations of section 
801A(b) relating to the denial or revocation 
of the covered person’s eligibility for access 
to classified information; and 
‘‘(bb) any allegations of how the decision 
may have been the result of the agency fail-
ing to properly conduct a review under sub-
section (b); and 
‘‘(II) supporting materials and information 
for the allegations described under subclause 
(I). 
‘‘(B) TIMELINESS.—The Security Executive 
Agent shall ensure that, on average, review 
of each appeal filed under this subsection is 
completed not later than 180 days after the 
date on which the appeal is filed. 
‘‘(3) DECISIONS AND REMANDS.— 
‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—If, in the course of re-
viewing under this subsection a decision of 
an agency under subsection (b), the panel es-
tablished under paragraph (1) decides that 
there is sufficient evidence of a violation of 
section 801A(b) to merit a new hearing or de-
cides that the decision of the agency was the 
result of an improperly conducted review 
under subsection (b), the panel shall vacate 
the decision made under subsection (b) and 
remand to the agency by which the covered 
person shall be eligible for a new appeal 
under subsection (b). 
‘‘(B) WRITTEN DECISIONS.—Each decision of 
the panel established under paragraph (1) 
shall be in writing and contain a justifica-
tion of the decision. 
‘‘(C) CONSISTENCY.—The panel under para-
graph (1) shall ensure that each decision of 
the panel is consistent with the interests of 
national security and applicable provisions 
of law. 
‘‘(D) FINALITY.— 
‘‘(i) IN
GENERAL.—Except as provided in 
clause (ii), each decision of the panel estab-
lished under paragraph (1) shall be final. 
‘‘(ii) OVERTURN.—The Security Executive 
Agent may overturn a decision of the panel 
if, not later than 30 days after the date on 
which the panel issues the decision, the Se-
curity Executive Agent personally exercises 
the authority granted by this clause to over-
turn such decision. 
‘‘(E) NATURE OF REMANDS.—In remanding a 
decision under subparagraph (A), the panel 
established under paragraph (1) may not di-
rect the outcome of any further appeal under 
subsection (b). 
‘‘(F) NOTICE OF DECISIONS.—For each deci-
sion of the panel established under para-
graph (1) regarding a covered person, the Se-
curity Executive Agent shall provide the 
covered person with a written notice of the 
decision that includes a detailed description 
of the reasons for the decision, consistent 
with the interests of national security and 
applicable provisions of law. 
‘‘(4) REPRESENTATION BY COUNSEL.— 
‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—The Security Executive 
Agent shall ensure that, under this sub-
section, a covered person appealing a deci-
sion under subsection (b) has an opportunity 
to retain counsel or other representation at 
the covered person’s expense. 
‘‘(B) ACCESS TO CLASSIFIED INFORMATION.— 
‘‘(i) IN GENERAL.—Upon the request of the 
covered person and a showing that the abil-
ity to review classified information is essen-
tial to the resolution of an appeal under this 
subsection, the Security Executive Agent 
shall sponsor an application by the counsel 
or other representation retained under this 
paragraph for access to classified informa-
tion for the limited purposes of such appeal. 
‘‘(ii) EXTENT
OF
ACCESS.—Counsel or an-
other representative who is cleared for ac-
cess under this subparagraph may be af-
forded access to relevant classified materials 
to the extent consistent with the interests of 
national security. 
‘‘(5) ACCESS
TO
DOCUMENTS
AND
EMPLOY-
EES.— 
‘‘(A) AFFORDING
ACCESS
TO
MEMBERS
OF 
PANEL.—The Security Executive Agent shall 
afford access to classified information to the 
members of the panel established under para-
graph (1)(A) as the Security Executive Agent 
determines— 
‘‘(i) necessary for the panel to review a de-
cision described in such paragraph; and 
‘‘(ii) consistent with the interests of na-
tional security. 
‘‘(B) AGENCY COMPLIANCE WITH REQUESTS OF 
PANEL.—Each head of an agency shall com-
ply with each request by the panel for a doc-
ument and each request by the panel for ac-
cess to employees of the agency necessary 
for the review of an appeal under this sub-
section, to the degree that doing so is, as de-
termined by the head of the agency and per-
mitted by applicable provisions of law, con-
sistent with the interests of national secu-
rity. 
‘‘(6) PUBLICATION OF DECISIONS.— 
‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—For each final decision 
on an appeal under this subsection, the head 
of the agency with respect to which the ap-
peal pertains and the Security Executive 
Agent shall each publish the decision, con-
sistent with the interests of national secu-
rity. 
‘‘(B) REQUIREMENTS.—In order to ensure 
transparency, oversight by Congress, and 
meaningful information for those who need 
to understand how the clearance process 
works, each publication under subparagraph 
(A) shall be— 
‘‘(i) made in a manner that is consistent 
with section 552 of title 5, United States 
Code, as amended by the Electronic Freedom 
of Information Act Amendments of 1996 
(Public Law 104–231); 
‘‘(ii) published to explain the facts of the 
case, redacting personally identifiable infor-
mation and sensitive program information; 
and 
‘‘(iii) made available on a website that is 
searchable by members of the public. 
‘‘(d) PERIOD OF TIME FOR THE RIGHT TO AP-
PEAL.— 
‘‘(1) IN
GENERAL.—Except as provided in 
paragraph (2), any covered person who has 
been the subject of a decision made by the 
head of an agency to deny or revoke eligi-
bility for access to classified information 
shall retain all rights to appeal under this 
section until the conclusion of the appeals 
process under this section. 
‘‘(2) WAIVER OF RIGHTS.— 
‘‘(A) PERSONS.—Any covered person may 
voluntarily waive the covered person’s right 
to appeal under this section and such waiver 
shall be conclusive. 
‘‘(B) AGENCIES.—The head of an agency 
may not require a covered person to waive 
the covered person’s right to appeal under 
this section for any reason. 
‘‘(e) WAIVER
OF AVAILABILITY
OF PROCE-
DURES FOR NATIONAL SECURITY INTEREST.— 
‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—If the head of an agency 
determines that a procedure established 
under subsection (b) cannot be made avail-
able to a covered person in an exceptional 
case without damaging a national security 
interest of the United States by revealing 
classified information, such procedure shall 
not be made available to such covered per-
son. 
‘‘(2) 
FINALITY.—A 
determination 
under 
paragraph (1) shall be final and conclusive 
and may not be reviewed by any other offi-
cial or by any court. 
‘‘(3) REPORTING.— 
‘‘(A) CASE-BY-CASE.— 
‘‘(i) IN GENERAL.—In each case in which the 
head of an agency determines under para-
graph (1) that a procedure established under 
subsection (b) cannot be made available to a 
covered person, the agency head shall, not 
later than 30 days after the date on which 
the agency head makes such determination, 
submit to the Security Executive Agent and 
to the congressional intelligence committees 
a report stating the reasons for the deter-
mination. 
‘‘(ii) FORM.—A report submitted under 
clause (i) may be submitted in classified 
form as necessary. 
‘‘(B) ANNUAL REPORTS.— 
‘‘(i) IN GENERAL.—Not less frequently than 
once each fiscal year, the Security Executive 
Agent shall submit to the congressional in-
telligence committees a report on the deter-
minations made under paragraph (1) during 
the previous fiscal year. 
‘‘(ii) CONTENTS.—Each report submitted 
under clause (i) shall include, for the period 
covered by the report, the following: 
‘‘(I) The number of cases and reasons for 
determinations made under paragraph (1), 
disaggregated by agency. 
‘‘(II) Such other matters as the Security 
Executive Agent considers appropriate. 
‘‘(f) DENIALS
AND
REVOCATIONS
UNDER 
OTHER PROVISIONS OF LAW.— 
‘‘(1) RULE
OF
CONSTRUCTION.—Nothing in 
this section shall be construed to limit or af-
fect the responsibility and power of the head 
of an agency to deny or revoke eligibility for 
access to classified information or to deny 
reciprocity of clearance in the interest of na-
tional security. 
‘‘(2) DENIALS AND REVOCATION.—The power 
and responsibility to deny or revoke eligi-
bility for access to classified information or 
to deny reciprocity of clearance pursuant to 
any other provision of law or Executive 
order may be exercised only when the head 
of an agency determines that an applicable 
process established under this section cannot 
be invoked in a manner that is consistent 
with national security. 
‘‘(3) 
FINALITY.—A 
determination 
under 
paragraph (2) shall be final and conclusive 
and may not be reviewed by any other offi-
cial or by any court. 
‘‘(4) REPORTING.— 
‘‘(A) CASE-BY-CASE.— 
‘‘(i) IN GENERAL.—In each case in which the 
head of an agency determines under para-
graph (2) that a determination relating to a 
denial or revocation of eligibility for access 
to classified information or denial of reci-
procity of clearance could not be made pur-
suant to a process established under this sec-
tion, the agency head shall, not later than 30 
days after the date on which the agency head 
makes such a determination under para-
graph (2), submit to the Security Executive 
Agent and to the congressional intelligence 
committees a report stating the reasons for 
the determination. 
‘‘(ii) FORM.—A report submitted under 
clause (i) may be submitted in classified 
form as necessary. 
‘‘(B) ANNUAL REPORTS.— 
‘‘(i) IN GENERAL.—Not less frequently than 
once each fiscal year, the Security Executive 
Agent shall submit to the congressional in-
telligence committees a report on the deter-
minations made under paragraph (2) during 
the previous fiscal year. 
‘‘(ii) CONTENTS.—Each report submitted 
under clause (i) shall include, for the period 
covered by the report, the following: 
‘‘(I) The number of cases and reasons for 
determinations made under paragraph (2), 
disaggregated by agency. 
‘‘(II) Such other matters as the Security 
Executive Agent considers appropriate. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00197
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 208-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8740 
November 19, 2021 
‘‘(g) RELATIONSHIP
TO
SUITABILITY.—No 
person may use a determination of suit-
ability under part 731 of title 5, Code of Fed-
eral Regulations, or successor regulation, for 
the purpose of denying a covered person the 
review proceedings of this section where 
there has been a denial or revocation of eli-
gibility for access to classified information 
or a denial of reciprocity of clearance. 
‘‘(h) PRESERVATION OF ROLES AND RESPON-
SIBILITIES UNDER EXECUTIVE ORDER 10865 AND 
OF THE DEFENSE OFFICE OF HEARINGS AND AP-
PEALS.—Nothing in this section shall be con-
strued to diminish or otherwise affect the 
procedures in effect on the day before the 
date of the enactment of this Act for denial 
and revocation procedures provided to indi-
viduals by Executive Order 10865 (50 U.S.C. 
3161 note; relating to safeguarding classified 
information within industry), or successor 
order, including those administered through 
the Defense Office of Hearings and Appeals of 
the Department of Defense under Depart-
ment of Defense Directive 5220.6, or successor 
directive. 
‘‘(i) RULE
OF CONSTRUCTION RELATING
TO 
CERTAIN
OTHER
PROVISIONS
OF
LAW.—This 
section and the processes and procedures es-
tablished under this section shall not be con-
strued to apply to paragraphs (6) and (7) of 
section 3001(j) of the Intelligence Reform and 
Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (50 U.S.C. 
3341(j)).’’. 
(2) CLERICAL
AMENDMENT.—The table of 
contents in the matter preceding section 2 of 
the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 
3002), as amended by subsection (c), is fur-
ther amended by inserting after the item re-
lating to section 801A the following: 
‘‘Sec. 801B. Right to appeal.’’. 
SEC. 502. FEDERAL POLICY ON SHARING OF COV-
ERED INSIDER THREAT INFORMA-
TION PERTAINING TO CONTRACTOR 
EMPLOYEES 
IN 
THE 
TRUSTED 
WORKFORCE. 
(a) DEFINITION OF COVERED INSIDER THREAT 
INFORMATION.—In this section, the term 
‘‘covered insider threat information’’— 
(1) means information that— 
(A) is adjudicatively relevant; 
(B) a Federal Government agency has vet-
ted and verified; and 
(C) according to Director of National Intel-
ligence policy, is deemed relevant to a con-
tractor’s ability to protect against insider 
threats as required by section 117.7(d) of title 
32, Code of Federal Regulations, or successor 
regulation; and 
(2) includes pertinent information consid-
ered in the counter-threat assessment as al-
lowed by a Federal statute or an Executive 
Order. 
(b) POLICY
REQUIRED.—Not later than 2 
years after the date of the enactment of this 
Act, the Director of National Intelligence 
shall, in coordination with the Secretary of 
Defense, the Director of the Office of Man-
agement and Budget, and the Attorney Gen-
eral, issue a policy for the Federal Govern-
ment on sharing covered insider threat infor-
mation pertaining to contractor employees 
engaged by the Federal Government. 
(c) 
CONSENT
REQUIREMENT.—The 
policy 
issued under subsection (b) shall require, as 
a condition of obtaining and maintaining a 
security clearance with the Federal Govern-
ment, that a contractor employee provide 
prior written consent for the Federal Gov-
ernment to share covered insider threat in-
formation with the insider threat program 
senior official of the contractor employer 
that employs the contractor employee. Such 
policy may include restrictions on the fur-
ther disclosure of such information. 
(d) CONSULTATION WITH CONGRESS.—The Di-
rector of National Intelligence shall estab-
lish a process for consulting on a quarterly 
basis with Congress and industry partners 
during development of the policy required 
under subsection (b). 
(e) REVIEW.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of the issuance of the policy re-
quired by subsection (b), the Director of Na-
tional Intelligence and the Secretary of De-
fense shall jointly submit to Congress and 
make available to such industry partners as 
the Director and the Secretary consider ap-
propriate a review of the policy issued under 
subsection (b). 
(2) CONTENTS.—The review submitted under 
paragraph (1) shall include the following: 
(A) An assessment of the utility and effec-
tiveness of the policy issued under sub-
section (b). 
(B) Such recommendations as the Director 
and the Secretary may have for legislative 
or administrative action relevant to such 
policy. 
SEC. 503. PERFORMANCE MEASURES REGARDING 
TIMELINESS FOR PERSONNEL MO-
BILITY. 
(a) POLICY REQUIRED.—Not later than 180 
days after the date of the enactment of this 
Act, the Director of National Intelligence 
shall issue a policy for measuring the total 
time it takes to transfer personnel with se-
curity clearances and eligibility for access to 
information commonly referred to as ‘‘sen-
sitive compartmented information’’ (SCI) 
from one Federal agency to another, or from 
one contract to another in the case of a con-
tractor. 
(b) 
REQUIREMENTS.—The 
policy 
issued 
under subsection (a) shall— 
(1) to the degree practicable, cover all per-
sonnel who are moving to positions that re-
quire a security clearance and access to sen-
sitive compartmented information; 
(2) cover the period from the first time a 
Federal agency or company submits a re-
quest to a Federal agency for the transfer of 
the employment of an individual with a 
clearance access or eligibility determination 
to another Federal agency, to the time the 
individual is authorized by that receiving 
agency to start to work in the new position; 
and 
(3) include analysis of all appropriate 
phases of the process, including polygraph, 
suitability determination, fitness determina-
tion, human resources review, transfer of the 
sensitive compartmented information ac-
cess, and contract actions. 
(c) UPDATED POLICIES.— 
(1) MODIFICATIONS.—Not later than 1 year 
after the date on which the Director issues 
the policy under subsection (a), the Director 
shall issue modifications to such policies as 
the Director determines were issued before 
the issuance of the policy under such sub-
section and are relevant to such updated pol-
icy, as the Director considers appropriate. 
(2) RECOMMENDATIONS.—Not later than 1 
year after the date on which the Director 
issues the policy under subsection (a), the 
Director shall submit to Congress rec-
ommendations for legislative action to up-
date metrics specified elsewhere in statute 
to measure parts of the process that support 
transfers described in subsection (a). 
(d) ANNUAL REPORTS.—Not later than 180 
days after issuing the policy required by sub-
section (a) and not less frequently than once 
each year thereafter until the date that is 3 
years after the date of such issuance, the Di-
rector shall submit to Congress a report on 
the implementation of such policy. Such re-
port shall address performance by agency 
and by clearance type in meeting such pol-
icy. 
SEC. 504. GOVERNANCE OF TRUSTED WORK-
FORCE 2.0 INITIATIVE. 
(a) GOVERNANCE.—The Director of National 
Intelligence, acting as the Security Execu-
tive Agent, and the Director of the Office of 
Personnel Management, acting as the Suit-
ability and Credentialing Executive Agent, 
in coordination with the Deputy Director for 
Management in the Office of Management 
and Budget, acting as the director of the 
Performance Accountability Council, and 
the Under Secretary of Defense for Intel-
ligence and Security shall jointly— 
(1) not later than 180 days after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, publish in the 
Federal Register a policy with guidelines 
and standards for Federal Government agen-
cies and industry partners to implement the 
Trusted Workforce 2.0 initiative; 
(2) not later than 2 years after the date of 
the enactment of this Act and not less fre-
quently than once every 6 months thereafter, 
submit to Congress a report on the timing, 
delivery, and adoption of Federal Govern-
ment agencies’ policies, products, and serv-
ices to implement the Trusted Workforce 2.0 
initiative, including those associated with 
the National Background Investigation Serv-
ice; and 
(3) not later than 90 days after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, submit to Con-
gress performance management metrics for 
the implementation of the Trusted Work-
force 2.0 initiative, including performance 
metrics 
regarding 
timeliness, 
cost, 
and 
measures of effectiveness. 
(b) INDEPENDENT STUDY ON TRUSTED WORK-
FORCE 2.0.— 
(1) STUDY
REQUIRED.—Not later than 60 
days after the date of the enactment of this 
Act, the Director of National Intelligence 
shall enter into an agreement with an entity 
that is not part of the Federal Government 
to conduct a study on the effectiveness of 
the initiatives of the Federal Government 
known as Trusted Workforce 1.25, 1.5, and 2.0. 
(2) ELEMENTS.—The study required by para-
graph (1) shall include the following: 
(A) An assessment of how effective such 
initiatives are or will be in determining who 
should or should not have access to classified 
information. 
(B) A comparison of the effectiveness of 
such initiatives with the system of periodic 
reinvestigations that was in effect on the 
day before the date of the enactment of this 
Act. 
(C) Identification of what is lost from the 
suspension of universal periodic reinvestiga-
tions in favor of a system of continuous vet-
ting. 
(D) An assessment of the relative effective-
ness of Trusted Workforce 1.25, Trusted 
Workforce 1.5, and Trusted Workforce 2.0. 
(3) REPORT.—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the 
Director shall submit a report on the find-
ings from the study conducted under para-
graph (1) to the following: 
(A) The congressional intelligence commit-
tees. 
(B) The Committee on Armed Services of 
the Senate. 
(C) The Committee on Homeland Security 
and Governmental Affairs of the Senate. 
(D) The Committee on Armed Services of 
the House of Representatives. 
(E) The Committee on Oversight and Re-
form of the House of Representatives. 
TITLE VI—OTHER INTELLIGENCE 
MATTERS 
SEC. 601. PERIODIC REPORTS ON TECHNOLOGY 
STRATEGY OF INTELLIGENCE COM-
MUNITY. 
(a) PERIODIC REPORTS REQUIRED.—No later 
than 1 year after the date of the enactment 
of this Act and not less frequently than once 
every 4 years thereafter, the Director of Na-
tional Intelligence shall, in coordination 
with the Director of the Office of Science and 
Technology Policy, the Secretary of Com-
merce, and the heads of such other agencies 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00198
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 209-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8741 
November 19, 2021 
as the Director considers appropriate, sub-
mit to Congress a comprehensive report on 
the technology strategy of the intelligence 
community, which shall be designed to sup-
port maintaining United States leadership in 
critical and emerging technologies essential 
to United States national security. 
(b) 
ELEMENTS.—Each 
report 
submitted 
under subsection (a) shall include the fol-
lowing: 
(1) An assessment of technologies critical 
to United States national security, particu-
larly those technologies with respect to 
which countries that are adversarial to the 
United States have or are poised to match or 
surpass the technology leadership of the 
United States. 
(2) A review of existing technology policies 
of the intelligence community, including 
long-range goals. 
(3) Identification of sectors and supply 
chains that the Director considers to be of 
the most strategic importance to national 
security. 
(4) Identification of opportunities to pro-
tect the leadership of the United States and 
allies of the United States in critical tech-
nologies, including through targeted export 
controls, investment screening, and counter-
intelligence activities. 
(5) Identification of research and develop-
ment areas critical to national security, in-
cluding areas in which the private sector 
does not focus. 
(6) Recommendations for growing talent in 
key critical and emerging technologies and 
enhancing the ability of the intelligence 
community to recruit and retain individuals 
with critical skills. 
(7) Identification of opportunities to im-
prove United States leadership in critical 
technologies, including opportunities to de-
velop international partnerships to reinforce 
domestic policy actions, build new markets, 
engage in collaborative research, and create 
an international environment that reflects 
United States values and protects United 
States interests. 
(8) A technology annex, which may be clas-
sified, to establish an approach to the identi-
fication, prioritization, development, and 
fielding of emerging technologies critical to 
the mission of the intelligence community. 
(9) Such other information as may be nec-
essary to help inform Congress on matters 
relating to the technology strategy of the in-
telligence community and related implica-
tions for United States national security. 
SEC. 602. IMPROVEMENTS RELATING TO CON-
TINUITY OF PRIVACY AND CIVIL LIB-
ERTIES OVERSIGHT BOARD MEM-
BERSHIP. 
Paragraph (4) of section 1061(h) of the In-
telligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention 
Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 2000ee(h)) is amended to 
read as follows: 
‘‘(4) TERM.— 
‘‘(A) COMMENCEMENT.—Each member of the 
Board shall serve a term of 6 years, com-
mencing on the date of the appointment of 
the member to the Board. 
‘‘(B) REAPPOINTMENT.—A member may be 
reappointed to one or more additional terms. 
‘‘(C) VACANCY.—A vacancy in the Board 
shall be filled in the manner in which the 
original appointment was made. 
‘‘(D) EXTENSION.—Upon the expiration of 
the term of office of a member, the member 
may continue to serve, at the election of the 
member— 
‘‘(i) during the period preceding the re-
appointment of the member pursuant to sub-
paragraph (B); or 
‘‘(ii) until the member’s successor has been 
appointed and qualified.’’. 
SEC. 603. REPORTS ON INTELLIGENCE SUPPORT 
FOR AND CAPACITY OF THE SER-
GEANTS AT ARMS OF THE SENATE 
AND THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTA-
TIVES AND THE UNITED STATES 
CAPITOL POLICE. 
(a) DEFINITIONS.—In this section: 
(1) 
APPROPRIATE
COMMITTEES
OF
CON-
GRESS.—The term ‘‘appropriate committees 
of Congress’’ means— 
(A) the congressional intelligence commit-
tees; 
(B) the Committee on Homeland Security 
and Governmental Affairs, the Committee on 
Rules and Administration, the Committee on 
the Judiciary, and the Committee on Appro-
priations of the Senate; and 
(C) the Committee on Homeland Security, 
the Committee on House Administration, the 
Committee on the Judiciary, and the Com-
mittee on Appropriations of the House of 
Representatives. 
(2) SERGEANTS AT ARMS.—The term ‘‘Ser-
geants at Arms’’ means the Sergeant at 
Arms and Doorkeeper of the Senate and the 
Chief Administrative Officer of the House of 
Representatives. 
(b) REPORT ON INTELLIGENCE SUPPORT.— 
(1) REPORT
REQUIRED.—Not later than 60 
days after the date of the enactment of this 
Act, the Director of National Intelligence, in 
coordination with the Director of the Fed-
eral Bureau of Investigation and the Sec-
retary of Homeland Security, shall submit to 
the appropriate committees of Congress a re-
port on intelligence support provided to the 
Sergeants at Arms and the United States 
Capitol Police. 
(2) ELEMENTS.—The report required by 
paragraph (1) shall include a description of 
the following: 
(A) Policies related to the Sergeants at 
Arms and the United States Capitol Police 
as customers of intelligence. 
(B) How the intelligence community, the 
Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the De-
partment of Homeland Security, including 
the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Secu-
rity Agency, are structured, staffed, and 
resourced to provide intelligence support to 
the Sergeants at Arms and the United States 
Capitol Police. 
(C) The classified electronic and telephony 
interoperability of the intelligence commu-
nity, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, 
and the Department of Homeland Security 
with the Sergeants at Arms and the United 
States Capitol Police. 
(D) Any expedited security clearances pro-
vided for the Sergeants at Arms and the 
United States Capitol Police. 
(E) 
Counterterrorism 
intelligence 
and 
other intelligence relevant to the physical 
security of Congress that are provided to the 
Sergeants at Arms and the United States 
Capitol Police, including— 
(i) strategic analysis and real-time warn-
ing; and 
(ii) access to classified systems for trans-
mitting and posting intelligence. 
(F) Cyber intelligence relevant to the pro-
tection of cyber networks of Congress and 
the personal devices and accounts of Mem-
bers and employees of Congress, including— 
(i) strategic and real-time warnings, such 
as malware signatures and other indications 
of attack; and 
(ii) access to classified systems for trans-
mitting and posting intelligence. 
(3) FORM.—The report required by para-
graph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified 
form, but may include a classified annex. 
(c) GOVERNMENT
ACCOUNTABILITY
OFFICE 
REPORT.— 
(1) REPORT REQUIRED.—Not later than 180 
days after the date of the enactment of this 
Act, the Comptroller General of the United 
States shall submit to the appropriate com-
mittees of Congress a report on the capacity 
of the Sergeants at Arms and the United 
States Capitol Police to access and use intel-
ligence and threat information relevant to 
the physical and cyber security of Congress. 
(2) ELEMENTS.—The report required by 
paragraph (1) shall include the following: 
(A) An assessment of the extent to which 
the Sergeants at Arms and the United States 
Capitol Police have the resources, including 
facilities, cleared personnel, and necessary 
training, and authorities to adequately ac-
cess, analyze, manage, and use intelligence 
and threat information necessary to defend 
the physical and cyber security of Congress. 
(B) The extent to which the Sergeants at 
Arms and the United States Capitol Police 
communicate and coordinate threat data 
with each other and with other local law en-
forcement entities. 
(3) FORM.—The report required by para-
graph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified 
form, but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 604. STUDY ON VULNERABILITY OF GLOBAL 
POSITIONING SYSTEM TO HOSTILE 
ACTIONS. 
(a) DEFINITION
OF
APPROPRIATE
COMMIT-
TEES OF CONGRESS.—In this section, the term 
‘‘appropriate 
committees 
of 
Congress’’ 
means— 
(1) the congressional intelligence commit-
tees; 
(2) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee 
on 
Commerce, 
Science, 
and 
Transportation, the Committee on Foreign 
Relations, the Committee on Homeland Se-
curity and Governmental Affairs, and the 
Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; 
and 
(3) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-
nology, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, 
the Committee on Homeland Security, and 
the Committee on Appropriations of the 
House of Representatives. 
(b) STUDY REQUIRED.—The Director of Na-
tional Intelligence shall, in consultation 
with the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary 
of Commerce, and the Secretary of Transpor-
tation, conduct a study on the vulnerability 
of the Global Positioning System (GPS) to 
hostile actions, as well as any actions being 
undertaken by the intelligence community, 
the Department of Defense, the Department 
of Commerce, the Department of Transpor-
tation, and any other elements of the Fed-
eral Government to mitigate any risks stem-
ming from the potential unavailability of 
the Global Positioning System. 
(c) ELEMENTS.—The study conducted under 
subsection (b) shall include net assessments 
and baseline studies of the following: 
(1) The vulnerability of the Global Posi-
tioning System to hostile actions. 
(2) The potential negative effects of a pro-
longed Global Positioning System outage, 
including with respect to the entire society, 
to the economy of the United States, and to 
the capabilities of the Armed Forces. 
(3) Alternative systems that could back up 
or replace the Global Positioning System, es-
pecially for the purpose of providing posi-
tioning, navigation, and timing, to United 
States civil, commercial, and government 
users. 
(4) Any actions being planned or under-
taken by the intelligence community, the 
Department of Defense, the Department of 
Commerce, the Department of Transpor-
tation, and other elements of the Federal 
Government to mitigate any risks to the en-
tire society, to the economy of the United 
States, and to the capabilities of the Armed 
Forces, stemming from a potential unavail-
ability of the Global Positioning System. 
(d) REPORT.—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00199
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 210-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8742 
November 19, 2021 
Director of National Intelligence shall sub-
mit to the appropriate committees of Con-
gress a report in writing and provide such 
committees a briefing on the findings of the 
Director with respect to the study conducted 
under subsection (b). 
SEC. 605. AUTHORITY FOR TRANSPORTATION OF 
FEDERALLY OWNED CANINES ASSO-
CIATED WITH FORCE PROTECTION 
DUTIES OF INTELLIGENCE COMMU-
NITY. 
Section 1344(a)(2)(B) of title 31, United 
States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘, or 
transportation of federally owned canines as-
sociated with force protection duties of any 
part of the intelligence community (as de-
fined in section 3 of the National Security 
Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003))’’ after ‘‘duties’’. 
DIVISION G—DEPARTMENT OF STATE 
AUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2021 
SEC. 10001. SHORT TITLE. 
This division may be cited as the ‘‘Depart-
ment of State Authorization Act of 2021’’. 
SEC. 10002. DEFINITIONS. 
In this division: 
(1) APPROPRIATE
CONGRESSIONAL
COMMIT-
TEES.—The term ‘‘ ‘appropriate congressional 
committees’ ’’ means the Committee on For-
eign Relations of the Senate and the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs of the House of 
Representatives. 
(2) DEPARTMENT.—If not otherwise speci-
fied, the term ‘‘ ‘Department’ ’’ means the 
Department of State. 
(3) SECRETARY.—If not otherwise specified, 
the term ‘‘ ‘Secretary’ ’’ means the Secretary 
of State. 
TITLE 
I—ORGANIZATION 
AND 
OPER-
ATIONS OF THE DEPARTMENT OF STATE 
SEC. 10101. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON IMPOR-
TANCE OF DEPARTMENT OF STATE’S 
WORK. 
It is the sense of Congress that— 
(1) United States global engagement is key 
to a stable and prosperous world; 
(2) United States leadership is indispen-
sable in light of the many complex and inter-
connected threats facing the United States 
and the world; 
(3) diplomacy and development are critical 
tools of national power, and full deployment 
of these tools is vital to United States na-
tional security; 
(4) challenges such as the global refugee 
and migration crises, terrorism, historic 
famine and food insecurity, and fragile or re-
pressive societies cannot be addressed with-
out sustained and robust United States dip-
lomatic and development leadership; 
(5) the United States Government must use 
all of the instruments of national security 
and foreign policy at its disposal to protect 
United 
States 
citizens, 
promote 
United 
States interests and values, and support 
global stability and prosperity; 
(6) United States security and prosperity 
depend on having partners and allies that 
share our interests and values, and these 
partnerships are nurtured and our shared in-
terests and values are promoted through 
United States diplomatic engagement, secu-
rity cooperation, economic statecraft, and 
assistance that helps further economic de-
velopment, good governance, including the 
rule of law and democratic institutions, and 
the development of shared responses to nat-
ural and humanitarian disasters; 
(7) as the United States Government agen-
cies primarily charged with conducting di-
plomacy and development, the Department 
and the United States Agency for Inter-
national Development (USAID) require sus-
tained and robust funding to carry out this 
important work, which is essential to our 
ability to project United States leadership 
and values and to advance United States in-
terests around the world; 
(8) the work of the Department and USAID 
makes the United States and the world safer 
and more prosperous by alleviating global 
poverty and hunger, fighting HIV/AIDS and 
other infectious diseases, strengthening alli-
ances, expanding educational opportunities 
for women and girls, promoting good govern-
ance and democracy, supporting anti-corrup-
tion efforts, driving economic development 
and trade, preventing armed conflicts and 
humanitarian crises, and creating American 
jobs and export opportunities; 
(9) the Department and USAID are vital 
national security agencies, whose work is 
critical to the projection of United States 
power and leadership worldwide, and without 
which Americans would be less safe, United 
States economic power would be diminished, 
and global stability and prosperity would 
suffer; 
(10) investing in diplomacy and develop-
ment before conflicts break out saves Amer-
ican lives while also being cost-effective; and 
(11) the contributions of personnel working 
at the Department and USAID are extraor-
dinarily valuable and allow the United 
States to maintain its leadership around the 
world. 
SEC. 10102. ASSISTANT SECRETARY FOR INTER-
NATIONAL NARCOTICS AND LAW EN-
FORCEMENT AFFAIRS. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Section 1(c) of the State 
Department Basic Authorities Act of 1956 (22 
U.S.C. 2651a(c)) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraphs (3) and (4) 
as paragraphs (4) and (5); and 
(2) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-
lowing new paragraph: 
‘‘(3) 
ASSISTANT
SECRETARY
FOR
INTER-
NATIONAL NARCOTICS AND LAW ENFORCEMENT 
AFFAIRS.— 
‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—There is authorized to 
be in the Department of State an Assistant 
Secretary for International Narcotics and 
Law Enforcement Affairs, who shall be re-
sponsible to the Secretary of State for all 
matters, programs, and related activities 
pertaining to international narcotics, anti- 
crime, and law enforcement affairs in the 
conduct of foreign policy by the Department, 
including, as appropriate, leading the coordi-
nation of programs carried out by United 
States Government agencies abroad, and 
such other related duties as the Secretary 
may from time to time designate. 
‘‘(B) AREAS
OF
RESPONSIBILITY.—The As-
sistant Secretary for International Narcotics 
and Law Enforcement Affairs shall maintain 
continuous observation and coordination of 
all matters pertaining to international nar-
cotics, anti-crime, and law enforcement af-
fairs in the conduct of foreign policy, includ-
ing programs carried out by other United 
States Government agencies when such pro-
grams pertain to the following matters: 
‘‘(i) Combating international narcotics 
production and trafficking. 
‘‘(ii) Strengthening foreign justice sys-
tems, including judicial and prosecutorial 
capacity, appeals systems, law enforcement 
agencies, prison systems, and the sharing of 
recovered assets. 
‘‘(iii) Training and equipping foreign po-
lice, border control, other government offi-
cials, and other civilian law enforcement au-
thorities for anti-crime purposes, including 
ensuring that no foreign security unit or 
member of such unit shall receive such as-
sistance from the United States Government 
absent appropriate vetting. 
‘‘(iv) Ensuring the inclusion of human 
rights and women’s participation issues in 
law enforcement programs, in consultation 
with the Assistant Secretary for Democracy, 
Human Rights, and Labor, and other senior 
officials in regional and thematic bureaus 
and offices. 
‘‘(v) Combating, in conjunction with other 
relevant bureaus of the Department of State 
and other United States Government agen-
cies, all forms of transnational organized 
crime, including human trafficking, illicit 
trafficking in arms, wildlife, and cultural 
property, migrant smuggling, corruption, 
money laundering, the illicit smuggling of 
bulk cash, the licit use of financial systems 
for malign purposes, and other new and 
emerging forms of crime. 
‘‘(vi) Identifying and responding to global 
corruption, including strengthening the ca-
pacity of foreign government institutions re-
sponsible for addressing financial crimes and 
engaging with multilateral organizations re-
sponsible for monitoring and supporting for-
eign governments’ anti-corruption efforts. 
‘‘(C) ADDITIONAL
DUTIES.—In addition to 
the responsibilities specified in subparagraph 
(B), the Assistant Secretary for Inter-
national Narcotics and Law Enforcement Af-
fairs shall also— 
‘‘(i) carry out timely and substantive con-
sultation with chiefs of mission and, as ap-
propriate, the heads of other United States 
Government agencies to ensure effective co-
ordination of all international narcotics and 
law enforcement programs carried out over-
seas by the Department and such other agen-
cies; 
‘‘(ii) coordinate with the Office of National 
Drug Control Policy to ensure lessons 
learned from other United States Govern-
ment agencies are available to the Bureau of 
International Narcotics and Law Enforce-
ment Affairs of the Department; 
‘‘(iii) develop standard requirements for 
monitoring and evaluation of Bureau pro-
grams, including metrics for success that do 
not rely solely on the amounts of illegal 
drugs that are produced or seized; 
‘‘(iv) in coordination with the Secretary of 
State, annually certify in writing to the 
Committee on Foreign Relations of the Sen-
ate that United States and the Committee 
on Foreign Affairs of the House of Represent-
atives enforcement personnel posted abroad 
whose activities are funded to any extent by 
the Bureau of International Narcotics and 
Law Enforcement Affairs are complying with 
section 207 of the Foreign Service Act of 1980 
(22 U.S.C. 3927); and 
‘‘(v) carry out such other relevant duties 
as the Secretary may assign. 
‘‘(D) RULE
OF
CONSTRUCTION.—Nothing in 
this paragraph may be construed to limit or 
impair the authority or responsibility of any 
other Federal agency with respect to law en-
forcement, domestic security operations, or 
intelligence activities as defined in Execu-
tive Order 12333.’’. 
(b) 
MODIFICATION
OF
ANNUAL
INTER-
NATIONAL NARCOTICS CONTROL STRATEGY RE-
PORT.—Subsection (a) of section 489 of the 
Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 
2291h) is amended by inserting after para-
graph (9) the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(10) A separate section that contains an 
identification of all United States Govern-
ment-supported units funded by the Bureau 
of International Narcotics and Law Enforce-
ment Affairs and any Bureau-funded oper-
ations by such units in which United States 
law enforcement personnel have been phys-
ically present.’’. 
SEC. 10103. BUREAU OF CONSULAR AFFAIRS; BU-
REAU OF POPULATION, REFUGEES, 
AND MIGRATION. 
Section 1 of the State Department Basic 
Authorities Act of 1956 (22 U.S.C. 2651a) is 
amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsection (g) as sub-
section (j); and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (f) the fol-
lowing new subsections: 
‘‘(g) BUREAU OF CONSULAR AFFAIRS.—There 
is in the Department of State the Bureau of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00200
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 211-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8743 
November 19, 2021 
Consular Affairs, which shall be headed by 
the Assistant Secretary of State for Con-
sular Affairs. 
‘‘(h) BUREAU
OF
POPULATION, REFUGEES, 
AND MIGRATION.—There is in the Department 
of State the Bureau of Population, Refugees, 
and Migration, which shall be headed by the 
Assistant Secretary of State for Population, 
Refugees, and Migration.’’. 
SEC. 10104. OFFICE OF INTERNATIONAL DIS-
ABILITY RIGHTS. 
(a) ESTABLISHMENT.—There should be es-
tablished in the Department of State an Of-
fice of International Disability Rights (re-
ferred to in this section as the ‘‘Office’’). 
(b) DUTIES.—The Office should— 
(1) seek to ensure that all United States 
foreign operations are accessible to, and in-
clusive of, persons with disabilities; 
(2) promote the human rights and full par-
ticipation in international development ac-
tivities of all persons with disabilities; 
(3) promote disability inclusive practices 
and the training of Department of State staff 
on soliciting quality programs that are fully 
inclusive of people with disabilities; 
(4) represent the United States in diplo-
matic and multilateral fora on matters rel-
evant to the rights of persons with disabil-
ities, and work to raise the profile of dis-
ability across a broader range of organiza-
tions contributing to international develop-
ment efforts; 
(5) conduct regular consultation with civil 
society organizations working to advance 
international disability rights and empower 
persons with disabilities internationally; 
(6) consult with other relevant offices at 
the Department that are responsible for 
drafting 
annual 
reports 
documenting 
progress on human rights, including, wher-
ever applicable, references to instances of 
discrimination, prejudice, or abuses of per-
sons with disabilities; 
(7) advise the Bureau of Human Resources 
or its equivalent within the Department re-
garding the hiring and recruitment and over-
seas practices of civil service employees and 
Foreign Service officers with disabilities and 
their family members with chronic medical 
conditions or disabilities; and 
(8) carry out such other relevant duties as 
the Secretary of State may assign. 
(c) SUPERVISION.—The Office may be head-
ed by— 
(1) a senior advisor to the appropriate As-
sistant Secretary of State; or 
(2) an officer exercising significant author-
ity who reports to the President or Sec-
retary of State, appointed by and with the 
advice and consent of the Senate. 
(d) CONSULTATION.—The Secretary of State 
should direct Ambassadors at Large, Rep-
resentatives, Special Envoys, and coordina-
tors working on human rights to consult 
with the Office to promote the human rights 
and full participation in international devel-
opment activities of all persons with disabil-
ities. 
SEC. 10105. SPECIAL APPOINTMENT AUTHORITY. 
Section 1 of the State Department Basic 
Authorities Act of 1956 (22 U.S.C. 2651a), as 
amended by section 6103 of this Act, is fur-
ther amended by inserting after subsection 
(h) the following new subsection: 
‘‘(i) SPECIAL APPOINTMENTS.— 
‘‘(1) POSITIONS EXERCISING SIGNIFICANT AU-
THORITY.—The President may, by and with 
the advice and consent of the Senate, ap-
point an individual as a Special Envoy, Spe-
cial Representative, Special Coordinator, 
Special Negotiator, Envoy, Representative, 
Coordinator, Special Advisor, or other posi-
tion performing a similar function, regard-
less of title, at the Department of State ex-
ercising significant authority pursuant to 
the laws of the United States. Except as pro-
vided in paragraph (3) or in clause 3, section 
2, article II of the Constitution (relating to 
recess appointments), an individual may not 
be designated as a Special Envoy, Special 
Representative, Special Coordinator, Special 
Negotiator, Envoy, Representative, Coordi-
nator, Special Advisor, or other position per-
forming a similar function, regardless of 
title, at the Department exercising signifi-
cant authority pursuant to the laws of the 
United States without the advice and con-
sent of the Senate. 
‘‘(2) POSITIONS NOT EXERCISING SIGNIFICANT 
AUTHORITY.—The President or Secretary of 
State may appoint any Special Envoy, Spe-
cial Representative, Special Coordinator, 
Special Negotiator, Special Envoy, Rep-
resentative, Coordinator, Special Advisor, or 
other position performing a similar function, 
regardless of title, at the Department of 
State not exercising significant authority 
pursuant to the laws of the United States 
without the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate, if the President or Secretary, not later 
than 15 days before the appointment of a per-
son to such a position, submits to the appro-
priate congressional committees a notifica-
tion that includes the following: 
‘‘(A) A certification that the position does 
not require the exercise of significant au-
thority pursuant to the laws of the United 
States. 
‘‘(B) A description of the duties and pur-
pose of the position. 
‘‘(C) The rationale for giving the specific 
title and function to the position. 
‘‘(3) LIMITED EXCEPTION FOR TEMPORARY AP-
POINTMENTS EXERCISING SIGNIFICANT AUTHOR-
ITY.—The President may maintain or estab-
lish a position with the title of Special 
Envoy, Special Representative, Special Coor-
dinator, Special Negotiator, Envoy, Rep-
resentative, Coordinator, Special Advisor, or 
other position performing a similar function, 
regardless of title, at the Department of 
State exercising significant authority pursu-
ant to the laws of the United States for not 
longer than 180 days if the Secretary of 
State, not later than 15 days after the ap-
pointment of a person to such a position, or 
30 days after the date of the enactment of 
this subsection, whichever is earlier, submits 
to the Committee on Foreign Relations of 
the Senate and the Committee on Foreign 
Affairs of the House of Representatives a no-
tification that includes the following: 
‘‘(A) The necessity for conferring such title 
and function. 
‘‘(B) The dates during which such title and 
function will be held. 
‘‘(C) The justification for not submitting 
the proposed conferral of such title and func-
tion to the Senate as a nomination for ad-
vice and consent to appointment. 
‘‘(D) All relevant information concerning 
any potential conflict of interest which the 
proposed recipient of such title and function 
may have with regard to the appointment. 
‘‘(4) RENEWAL
OF
TEMPORARY
APPOINT-
MENT.—The President may renew for one pe-
riod not to exceed 180 days any position 
maintained or established under paragraph 
(3) if the President, not later than 15 days be-
fore issuing such renewal, submits to the 
Committee on Foreign Relations of the Sen-
ate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of 
the House of Representatives a detailed jus-
tification on the necessity of such extension, 
including the dates with respect to which 
such title will continue to be held and the 
justification for not submitting such title to 
the Senate as a nomination for advice and 
consent. 
‘‘(5) EXEMPTION.—Paragraphs (1) through 
(4) shall not apply to a Special Envoy, Spe-
cial Representative, Special Coordinator, 
Special Negotiator, Envoy, Representative, 
Coordinator, Special Advisor, or other per-
son performing a similar function, regardless 
of title, at the Department of State if the po-
sition is expressly mandated by statute. 
‘‘(6) 
EFFECTIVE
DATE.—This 
subsection 
shall apply to appointments made on or after 
January 3, 2023.’’. 
SEC. 10106. REPEAL OF AUTHORITY FOR SPECIAL 
REPRESENTATIVE AND POLICY CO-
ORDINATOR FOR BURMA. 
Section 7 of the Tom Lantos Block Bur-
mese Jade (Junta’s Anti-Democratic Efforts) 
Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–286; 50 U.S.C. 1701 
note) relating to the establishment of a Spe-
cial Representative and Policy Coordinator 
for Burma) is hereby repealed. 
SEC. 10107. ANTI-PIRACY INFORMATION SHAR-
ING. 
The Secretary is authorized to provide for 
the participation by the United States in the 
Information 
Sharing 
Centre 
located 
in 
Singapore, as established by the Regional 
Cooperation Agreement on Combating Pi-
racy and Armed Robbery against Ships in 
Asia (ReCAAP). 
SEC. 10108. IMPORTANCE OF FOREIGN AFFAIRS 
TRAINING TO NATIONAL SECURITY. 
It is the sense of Congress that— 
(1) the Department is a crucial national se-
curity agency, whose employees, both For-
eign and Civil Service, require the best pos-
sible training at every stage of their careers 
to prepare them to promote and defend 
United States national interests and the 
health and safety of United States citizens 
abroad; 
(2) the Secretary should explore estab-
lishing a ‘‘training float’’ requiring that a 
certain percentage of the Foreign Service 
shall be in long-term training at any given 
time; 
(3) the Department’s Foreign Service Insti-
tute should seek to substantially increase its 
educational and training offerings to Depart-
ment personnel, including developing new 
and innovative educational and training 
courses, methods, programs, and opportuni-
ties; and 
(4) consistent with existing Department 
gift acceptance authority and other applica-
ble laws, the Department and Foreign Serv-
ice Institute may accept funds and other re-
sources from foundations, not-for-profit cor-
porations, and other appropriate sources to 
help the Department and the Institute ac-
complish the goals specified in paragraph (3). 
SEC. 10109. CLASSIFICATION AND ASSIGNMENT 
OF FOREIGN SERVICE OFFICERS. 
The Foreign Service Act of 1980 is amend-
ed— 
(1) in section 501 (22 U.S.C. 3981), by insert-
ing ‘‘If a position designated under this sec-
tion is unfilled for more than 365 calendar 
days, such position may be filled, as appro-
priate, on a temporary basis, in accordance 
with section 309.’’ after ‘‘Positions des-
ignated under this section are excepted from 
the competitive service.’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (2) of section 502(a) (22 
U.S.C. 3982(a)), by inserting ‘‘, or domesti-
cally, in a position working on issues relat-
ing to a particular country or geographic 
area,’’ after ‘‘geographic area’’. 
SEC. 10110. REPORTING ON IMPLEMENTATION OF 
GAO RECOMMENDATIONS. 
(a) INITIAL
REPORT.—Not later than 120 
days after the date of the enactment of this 
Act, the Secretary shall submit to the appro-
priate congressional committees a report 
that lists all of the Government Account-
ability Office’s recommendations relating to 
the Department that have not been fully im-
plemented. 
(b) COMPTROLLER GENERAL REPORT.—Not 
later than 30 days after the Secretary sub-
mits the report under subsection (a), the 
Comptroller General of the United States 
shall submit to the appropriate congres-
sional committees a report that identifies 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00201
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 212-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8744 
November 19, 2021 
any discrepancies between the list of rec-
ommendations included in such report and 
the Government Accountability Office’s list 
of outstanding recommendations for the De-
partment. 
(c) IMPLEMENTATION REPORT.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 120 days 
after the date of the submission of the Comp-
troller General’s report under subsection (b), 
the Secretary shall submit to the appro-
priate congressional committees a report 
that describes the implementation status of 
each recommendation from the Government 
Accountability Office included in the report 
submitted under subsection (a). 
(2) JUSTIFICATION.—The report under para-
graph (1) shall include— 
(A) a detailed justification for each deci-
sion not to fully implement a recommenda-
tion or to implement a recommendation in a 
different manner than specified by the Gov-
ernment Accountability Office; 
(B) a timeline for the full implementation 
of any recommendation the Secretary has 
decided to adopt, but has not yet fully imple-
mented; and 
(C) an explanation for any discrepancies 
included in the Comptroller General report 
submitted under subsection (b). 
(d) FORM.—The information required in 
each report under this section shall be sub-
mitted in unclassified form, to the maximum 
extent practicable, but may be included in a 
classified annex to the extent necessary. 
SEC. 10111. EXTENSION OF PERIOD FOR REIM-
BURSEMENT OF FISHERMEN FOR 
COSTS INCURRED FROM THE ILLE-
GAL SEIZURE AND DETENTION OF 
U.S.-FLAG FISHING VESSELS BY FOR-
EIGN GOVERNMENTS. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Subsection (e) of section 
7 of the Fishermen’s Protective Act of 1967 
(22 U.S.C. 1977) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(e) AMOUNTS.—Payments may be made 
under this section only to such extent and in 
such amounts as are provided in advance in 
appropriation Acts.’’. 
(b) RETROACTIVE APPLICABILITY.— 
(1) 
EFFECTIVE
DATE.—The 
amendment 
made by subsection (a) shall take effect on 
the date of the enactment of this Act and 
apply as if the date specified in subsection 
(e) of section 7 of the Fishermen’s Protective 
Act of 1967, as in effect on the day before the 
date of the enactment of this Act, were the 
day after such date of enactment. 
(2) AGREEMENTS AND PAYMENTS.—The Sec-
retary is authorized to— 
(A) enter into agreements pursuant to sec-
tion 7 of the Fishermen’s Protective Act of 
1967 for any claims to which such section 
would otherwise apply but for the date speci-
fied in subsection (e) of such section, as in ef-
fect on the day before the date of the enact-
ment of this Act; and 
(B) make payments in accordance with 
agreements entered into pursuant to such 
section if any such payments have not been 
made as a result of the expiration of the date 
specified in such section, as in effect on the 
day before the date of the enactment of this 
Act. 
SEC. 10112. ART IN EMBASSIES. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—No funds are authorized 
to be appropriated for the purchase of any 
piece of art for the purposes of installation 
or display in any embassy, consulate, or 
other foreign mission of the United States if 
the purchase price of such piece of art is in 
excess of $50,000, unless such purchase is sub-
ject to prior consultation with, and the reg-
ular notification procedures of, the appro-
priate congressional committees. 
(b) REPORT.—Not later than 90 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the 
Secretary shall submit to the appropriate 
congressional committees and the Commit-
tees on Appropriations of the Senate and the 
House of Representatives a report on the 
costs of the Art in Embassies Program for 
each of fiscal years 2012, 2013, and 2014. 
(c) SUNSET.—This section shall terminate 
on the date that is 2 years after the date of 
the enactment of this Act. 
(d) DEFINITION.—In this section, the term 
‘‘art’’ includes paintings, sculptures, photo-
graphs, industrial design, and craft art. 
SEC. 10113. AMENDMENT OR REPEAL OF REPORT-
ING REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) BURMA.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—Section 570 of Public Law 
104–208 is amended— 
(A) by amending subsection (c) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(c) MULTILATERAL STRATEGY.—The Presi-
dent shall develop, in coordination with 
likeminded countries, a comprehensive, mul-
tilateral strategy to— 
‘‘(1) assist Burma in addressing corrosive 
malign influence of the People’s Republic of 
China; and 
‘‘(2) support a return to democratic govern-
ance, and support constitutional, economic, 
and security sector reforms in Burma de-
signed to— 
‘‘(A) advance democratic development and 
improve human rights practices and the 
quality of life; and 
‘‘(B) promote genuine national reconcili-
ation.’’; and 
(B) in subsection (d)— 
(i) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), 
by striking ‘‘six months’’ and inserting 
‘‘year’’; 
(ii) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-
graph (7); and 
(iii) by inserting after paragraph (2) the 
following new paragraphs: 
‘‘(3) improvements in human rights prac-
tices; 
‘‘(4) progress toward broad-based and inclu-
sive economic growth; and 
‘‘(5) progress toward genuine national rec-
onciliation.’’. 
(2) 
EFFECTIVE
DATE.—The 
amendments 
made by paragraph (1) shall take effect on 
the date of the enactment of this Act and 
apply with respect to the first report re-
quired under subsection (d) of section 570 of 
Public Law 104–208 that is required after the 
date of the enactment of this Act. 
(b) REPEALS.—The following provisions of 
law are hereby repealed: 
(1) Subsection (b) of section 804 of Public 
Law 101–246. 
(2) Section 6 of Public Law 104–45. 
(3) Subsection (c) of section 702 of Public 
Law 96–465 (22 U.S.C. 4022). 
(4) Section 404 of the Arms Control and 
Disarmament Act (22 U.S.C. 2593b). 
(5) Section 5 of Public Law 94–304 (22 U.S.C. 
3005). 
(6) Subsection (b) of section 502 of the 
International Security and Development Co-
operation Act of 1985 (22 U.S.C. 2349aa–7). 
(c) REPORT TO CONGRESS.—Not later than 
180 days after the date of the enactment of 
this Act, the Secretary of State and the Ad-
ministrator of the United States Agency for 
International Development shall submit to 
the appropriate congressional committees a 
report that includes each of the following: 
(1) A list of all reports described in sub-
section (d) required to be submitted by their 
respective agency. 
(2) For each such report, a citation to the 
provision of law under which the report is re-
quired to be submitted. 
(3) The reporting frequency of each such 
report. 
(4) The estimated cost of each report, to in-
clude personnel time costs. 
(d) COVERED REPORTS.—A report described 
in this subsection is a recurring report that 
is required to be submitted to Congress by 
the Department of State or the United 
States Agency for International Develop-
ment, or by any officer, official, component, 
or element of each entity. 
(e) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT-
TEES
DEFINED.—In this section, the term 
‘‘appropriate 
congressional 
committees’’ 
means the Committee on Foreign Relations 
of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign 
Affairs of the House of Representatives and 
the Committees on Appropriations of the 
Senate and the House of Representatives. 
TITLE II—EMBASSY CONSTRUCTION 
SEC. 10201. EMBASSY SECURITY, CONSTRUCTION, 
AND MAINTENANCE. 
For ‘‘Embassy Security, Construction, and 
Maintenance’’, there is authorized to be ap-
propriated $1,975,449,000 for fiscal year 2022. 
SEC. 10202. STANDARD DESIGN IN CAPITAL CON-
STRUCTION. 
(a) SENSE OF CONGRESS.—It is the sense of 
Congress that the Department’s Bureau of 
Overseas Building Operations (OBO) or suc-
cessor office should give appropriate consid-
eration to standardization in construction, 
in which each new United States embassy 
and consulate starts with a standard design 
and keeps customization to a minimum. 
(b) CONSULTATION.—The Secretary shall 
carry out any new United States embassy 
compound 
or 
new 
consulate 
compound 
project that utilizes a non-standard design, 
including those projects that are in the de-
sign or pre-design phase as of the date of the 
enactment of this Act, only in consultation 
with the appropriate congressional commit-
tees. The Secretary shall provide the appro-
priate congressional committees, for each 
such project, the following documentation: 
(1) A comparison of the estimated full 
lifecycle costs of the project to the esti-
mated full lifecycle costs of such project if it 
were to use a standard design. 
(2) A comparison of the estimated comple-
tion date of such project to the estimated 
completion date of such project if it were to 
use a standard design. 
(3) A comparison of the security of the 
completed project to the security of such 
completed project if it were to use a stand-
ard design. 
(4) A justification for the Secretary’s selec-
tion of a non-standard design over a standard 
design for such project. 
(5) A written explanation if any of the doc-
umentation necessary to support the com-
parisons and justification, as the case may 
be, described in paragraphs (1) through (4) 
cannot be provided. 
(c) SUNSET.—The consultation requirement 
under subsection (b) shall expire on the date 
that is 4 years after the date of the enact-
ment of this Act. 
SEC. 10203. CAPITAL CONSTRUCTION TRANS-
PARENCY. 
Section 118 of the Department of State Au-
thorities Act, Fiscal Year 2017 (22 U.S.C. 304) 
is amended— 
(1) in the section heading , by striking ‘‘AN-
NUAL
REPORT
ON
EMBASSY
CONSTRUCTION 
COSTS’’ and inserting ‘‘BIANNUAL REPORT ON 
OVERSEAS
CAPITAL
CONSTRUCTION
PROJECTS’’; 
and 
(2) by striking subsections (a) and (b) and 
inserting the following new subsections: 
‘‘(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this sub-
section and every 180 days thereafter until 
the date that is 4 years after such date of en-
actment, the Secretary shall submit to the 
appropriate congressional committees and 
the Committees on Appropriations of the 
Senate and the House of Representatives a 
comprehensive report regarding all ongoing 
overseas capital construction projects and 
major embassy security upgrade projects. 
‘‘(b) 
CONTENTS.—Each 
report 
required 
under subsection (a) shall include the fol-
lowing with respect to each ongoing overseas 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00202
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 213-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8745 
November 19, 2021 
capital construction project and major em-
bassy security upgrade project: 
‘‘(1) The initial cost estimate as specified 
in the proposed allocation of capital con-
struction and maintenance funds required by 
the Committees on Appropriations for Acts 
making appropriations for the Department 
of State, foreign operations, and related pro-
grams. 
‘‘(2) The current cost estimate. 
‘‘(3) The value of each request for equitable 
adjustment received by the Department to 
date. 
‘‘(4) The value of each certified claim re-
ceived by the Department to date. 
‘‘(5) The value of any usage of the project’s 
contingency fund to date and the value of 
the remainder of the project’s contingency 
fund. 
‘‘(6) An enumerated list of each request for 
adjustment and certified claim that remains 
outstanding or unresolved. 
‘‘(7) An enumerated list of each request for 
equitable adjustment and certified claim 
that has been fully adjudicated or that the 
Department has settled, and the final dollar 
amount of each adjudication or settlement. 
‘‘(8) The date of estimated completion 
specified in the proposed allocation of cap-
ital construction and maintenance funds re-
quired by the Committees on Appropriations 
not later than 45 days after the date of the 
enactment of an Act making appropriations 
for the Department of State, foreign oper-
ations, and related programs. 
‘‘(9) The current date of estimated comple-
tion.’’. 
SEC. 10204. CONTRACTOR PERFORMANCE INFOR-
MATION. 
(a) DEADLINE
FOR COMPLETION.—The Sec-
retary shall complete all contractor per-
formance evaluations outstanding as of the 
date of the enactment of this Act required by 
subpart 42.15 of the Federal Acquisition Reg-
ulation for those contractors engaged in con-
struction of new embassy or new consulate 
compounds by April 1, 2022. 
(b) PRIORITIZATION SYSTEM.— 
(1) IN
GENERAL.—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
the Secretary shall develop a prioritization 
system for clearing the current backlog of 
required evaluations referred to in sub-
section (a). 
(2) ELEMENTS.—The system required under 
paragraph (1) should prioritize the evalua-
tions as follows: 
(A) Project completion evaluations should 
be prioritized over annual evaluations. 
(B) Evaluations for relatively large con-
tracts should have priority. 
(C) Evaluations that would be particularly 
informative for the awarding of government 
contracts should have priority. 
(c) BRIEFING.—Not later than 90 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the 
Secretary of State shall brief the appro-
priate congressional committees on the De-
partment’s plan for completing all evalua-
tions by April 1, 2022, in accordance with sub-
section (a) and the prioritization system de-
veloped pursuant to subsection (b). 
(d) SENSE OF CONGRESS.—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) contractors deciding whether to bid on 
Department contracts would benefit from 
greater understanding of the Department as 
a client; and 
(2) the Department should develop a forum 
where contractors can comment on the De-
partment’s project management perform-
ance. 
SEC. 10205. GROWTH PROJECTIONS FOR NEW EM-
BASSIES AND CONSULATES. 
(a) IN
GENERAL.—For each new United 
States embassy compound (NEC) and new 
consulate compound project (NCC) in or not 
yet in the design phase as of the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the Department shall 
project growth over the estimated life of the 
facility using all available and relevant data, 
including the following: 
(1) Relevant historical trends for Depart-
ment personnel and personnel from other 
agencies represented at the NEC or NCC that 
is to be constructed. 
(2) An analysis of the tradeoffs between 
risk and the needs of United States Govern-
ment policy conducted as part of the most 
recent Vital Presence Validation Process, if 
applicable. 
(3) Reasonable assumptions about the stra-
tegic importance of the NEC or NCC, as the 
case may be, over the life of the building at 
issue. 
(4) Any other data that would be helpful in 
projecting the future growth of NEC or NCC. 
(b) OTHER FEDERAL AGENCIES.—The head of 
each Federal agency represented at a United 
States embassy or consulate shall provide to 
the Secretary, upon request, growth projec-
tions for the personnel of each such agency 
over the estimated life of each embassy or 
consulate, as the case may be. 
(c) BASIS FOR ESTIMATES.—The Department 
shall base its growth assumption for all 
NECs and NCCs on the estimates required 
under subsections (a) and (b). 
(d) 
CONGRESSIONAL
NOTIFICATION.—Any 
congressional notification of site selection 
for a NEC or NCC submitted after the date of 
the enactment of this Act shall include the 
growth assumption used pursuant to sub-
section (c). 
SEC. 10206. LONG-RANGE PLANNING PROCESS. 
(a) PLANS REQUIRED.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
and annually thereafter for the next five 
years as the Secretary of State considers ap-
propriate, the Secretary shall develop— 
(A) a comprehensive 6-year plan docu-
menting the Department’s overseas building 
program for the replacement of overseas dip-
lomatic posts taking into account security 
factors under the Secure Embassy Construc-
tion and Counterterrorism Act of 1999 and 
other relevant statutes and regulations, as 
well as occupational safety and health fac-
tors pursuant to the Occupational Safety 
and Health Act of 1970 and other relevant 
statutes and regulations, including environ-
mental factors such as indoor air quality 
that impact employee health and safety; and 
(B) a comprehensive 6-year plan detailing 
the Department’s long-term planning for the 
maintenance and sustainment of completed 
diplomatic posts, which takes into account 
security factors under the Secure Embassy 
Construction and Counterterrorism Act of 
1999 and other relevant statutes and regula-
tions, as well as occupational safety and 
health factors pursuant to the Occupational 
Safety and Health Act of 1970 and other rel-
evant statutes and regulations, including en-
vironmental factors such as indoor air qual-
ity that impact employee health and safety. 
(2) INITIAL REPORT.—The first plan devel-
oped pursuant to paragraph (1)(A) shall also 
include a one-time status report on existing 
small diplomatic posts and a strategy for es-
tablishing a physical diplomatic presence in 
countries in which there is no current phys-
ical diplomatic presence and with which the 
United States maintains diplomatic rela-
tions. Such report, which may include a clas-
sified annex, shall include the following: 
(A) A description of the extent to which 
each small diplomatic post furthers the na-
tional interest of the United States. 
(B) A description of how each small diplo-
matic post provides American Citizen Serv-
ices, including data on specific services pro-
vided and the number of Americans receiving 
services over the previous year. 
(C) A description of whether each small 
diplomatic post meets current security re-
quirements. 
(D) A description of the full financial cost 
of maintaining each small diplomatic post. 
(E) Input from the relevant chiefs of mis-
sion on any unique operational or policy 
value the small diplomatic post provides. 
(F) A recommendation of whether any 
small diplomatic posts should be closed. 
(3) UPDATED INFORMATION.—The annual up-
dates of each of the plans developed pursuant 
to paragraph (1) shall highlight any changes 
from the previous year’s plan to the ordering 
of construction and maintenance projects. 
(b) REPORTING REQUIREMENTS.— 
(1) SUBMISSION OF PLANS TO CONGRESS.—Not 
later than 60 days after the completion of 
each plan required under subsection (a), the 
Secretary shall submit the plans to the ap-
propriate congressional committees and the 
Committees on Appropriations of the Senate 
and the House of Representatives. 
(2) REFERENCE IN BUDGET JUSTIFICATION MA-
TERIALS.—In the budget justification mate-
rials submitted to the appropriate congres-
sional committees in support of the Depart-
ment’s budget for any fiscal year (as sub-
mitted with the budget of the President 
under section 1105(a) of title 31, United 
States Code), the plans required under sub-
section (a) shall be referenced to justify 
funding requested for building and mainte-
nance projects overseas. 
(3) FORM OF REPORT.—Each report required 
under paragraph (1) shall be submitted in un-
classified form but may include a classified 
annex. 
(c) SMALL DIPLOMATIC POST DEFINED.—In 
this section, the term ‘‘small diplomatic 
post’’ means any United States embassy or 
consulate that has employed five or fewer 
United States Government employees or con-
tractors on average over the 36 months prior 
to the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 10207. VALUE ENGINEERING AND RISK AS-
SESSMENT. 
(a) FINDINGS.—Congress makes the fol-
lowing findings: 
(1) Federal departments and agencies are 
required to use value engineering (VE) as a 
management tool, where appropriate, to re-
duce program and acquisition costs pursuant 
to OMB Circular A–131, Value Engineering, 
dated December 31, 2013. 
(2) OBO has a Policy Directive and Stand-
ard Operation Procedure, dated May 24, 2017, 
on conducting risk management studies on 
all international construction projects. 
(b) NOTIFICATION REQUIREMENTS.— 
(1) SUBMISSION
TO
AUTHORIZING
COMMIT-
TEES.—Any operating plan that includes the 
allocation of capital construction and main-
tenance funds shall be submitted to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations of the Senate 
and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the 
House of Representatives. 
(2) REQUIREMENT
TO
CONFIRM
COMPLETION 
OF VALUE ENGINEERING AND RISK ASSESSMENT 
STUDIES.—The notifications required under 
paragraph (1) shall include confirmation that 
the Department has completed the requisite 
VE and risk management process described 
in subsection (a), or applicable successor 
process. 
(c) REPORTING
AND
BRIEFING
REQUIRE-
MENTS.—The Secretary shall provide to the 
appropriate congressional committees upon 
request— 
(1) a description of each risk management 
study referred to in subsection (a)(2) and a 
table detailing which recommendations re-
lated to each such study were accepted and 
which were rejected; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00203
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 214-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8746 
November 19, 2021 
(2) a report or briefing detailing the ration-
ale for not implementing any such rec-
ommendations that may otherwise yield sig-
nificant cost savings to the Department if 
implemented. 
SEC. 10208. BUSINESS VOLUME. 
Section 402(c)(2)(E) of the Omnibus Diplo-
matic Security and Antiterrorism Act of 1986 
(22 U.S.C. 4852(c)(2)(E)) is amended by strik-
ing ‘‘in 3 years’’ and inserting ‘‘cumulatively 
over 3 years’’. 
SEC. 10209. EMBASSY SECURITY REQUESTS AND 
DEFICIENCIES. 
The Secretary of State shall provide to the 
appropriate congressional committees, the 
Committee on Armed Services of the House 
of Representatives, and the Committee on 
Armed Services of the Senate upon request 
information on physical security deficiencies 
at United States diplomatic posts, including 
relating to the following: 
(1) Requests made over the previous year 
by United States diplomatic posts for secu-
rity upgrades. 
(2) Significant security deficiencies at 
United States diplomatic posts that are not 
operating out of a new embassy compound or 
new consulate compound. 
SEC. 10210. OVERSEAS SECURITY BRIEFINGS. 
Not later than one year after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of 
State shall revise the Foreign Affairs Man-
ual to stipulate that information on the cur-
rent threat environment shall be provided to 
all United States Government employees 
under chief of mission authority traveling to 
a foreign country on official business. To the 
extent practicable, such material shall be 
provided to such employees prior to their ar-
rival at a United States diplomatic post or 
as soon as possible thereafter. 
SEC. 10211. CONTRACTING METHODS IN CAPITAL 
CONSTRUCTION. 
(a) DELIVERY.—Unless the Secretary of 
State notifies the appropriate congressional 
committees that the use of the design-build 
project delivery method would not be appro-
priate, the Secretary shall make use of such 
method at United States diplomatic posts 
that have not yet received design or capital 
construction contracts as of the date of the 
enactment of this Act. 
(b) NOTIFICATION.—Before executing a con-
tract for a delivery method other than de-
sign-build in accordance with subsection (a), 
the Secretary of State shall notify the ap-
propriate congressional committees in writ-
ing of the decision, including the reasons 
therefor. The notification required by this 
subsection may be included in any other re-
port regarding a new United States diplo-
matic post that is required to be submitted 
to the appropriate congressional commit-
tees. 
(c) PERFORMANCE EVALUATION.—Not later 
than 180 days after the date of the enactment 
of this Act, the Secretary of State shall re-
port to the appropriate congressional com-
mittees regarding performance evaluation 
measures in accordance with GAO’s ‘‘Stand-
ards for Internal Control in the Federal Gov-
ernment’’ that will be applicable to design 
and construction, lifecycle cost, and building 
maintenance programs of the Bureau of 
Overseas Building Operations of the Depart-
ment. 
SEC. 10212. COMPETITION IN EMBASSY CON-
STRUCTION. 
Not later than 45 days after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the Secretary of 
State shall submit to the appropriate con-
gressional committee and the Committees 
on Appropriations of the Senate and the 
House of Representatives a report detailing 
steps the Department of State is taking to 
expand the embassy construction contractor 
base in order to increase competition and 
maximize value. 
SEC. 10213. STATEMENT OF POLICY. 
It is the policy of the United States that 
the Bureau of Overseas Building Operations 
of the Department or its successor office 
shall continue to balance functionality and 
security with accessibility, as defined by 
guidelines established by the United States 
Access Board in constructing embassies and 
consulates, and shall ensure compliance with 
the Architectural Barriers Act of 1968 (42 
U.S.C. 4151 et seq.) to the fullest extent pos-
sible. 
SEC. 10214. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: 
(1) 
DESIGN-BUILD.—The 
term 
‘‘design- 
build’’ means a method of project delivery in 
which one entity works under a single con-
tract with the Department to provide design 
and construction services. 
(2) NON-STANDARD DESIGN.—The term ‘‘non- 
standard design’’ means a design for a new 
embassy compound project or new consulate 
compound project that does not utilize a 
standardized design for the structural, spa-
tial, or security requirements of such em-
bassy compound or consulate compound, as 
the case may be. 
TITLE III—PERSONNEL ISSUES 
SEC. 10301. DEFENSE BASE ACT INSURANCE 
WAIVERS. 
(a) APPLICATION
FOR WAIVERS.—Not later 
than 30 days after the date of the enactment 
of this Act, the Secretary shall apply to the 
Department of Labor for a waiver from in-
surance requirements under the Defense 
Base Act (42 U.S.C. 1651 et seq.) for all coun-
tries with respect to which the requirement 
was waived prior to January 2017, and for 
which there is not currently a waiver. 
(b) CERTIFICATION REQUIREMENT.—Not later 
than 45 days after the date of the enactment 
of this Act, the Secretary shall certify to the 
appropriate congressional committees that 
the requirement in subsection (a) has been 
met. 
SEC. 10302. STUDY ON FOREIGN SERVICE ALLOW-
ANCES. 
(a) REPORT REQUIRED.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than one year 
after date of the enactment of this Act, the 
Secretary shall submit to the appropriate 
congressional committees a report detailing 
an empirical analysis on the effect of over-
seas allowances on the foreign assignment of 
Foreign Service officers (FSOs), to be con-
ducted by a federally-funded research and de-
velopment center with appropriate expertise 
in labor economics and military compensa-
tion. 
(2) CONTENTS.—The analysis required under 
paragraph (1) shall— 
(A) identify all allowances paid to FSOs as-
signed permanently or on temporary duty to 
foreign areas; 
(B) examine the efficiency of the Foreign 
Service bidding system in determining for-
eign assignments; 
(C) examine the factors that incentivize 
FSOs to bid on particular assignments, in-
cluding danger levels and hardship condi-
tions; 
(D) examine the Department’s strategy and 
process for incentivizing FSOs to bid on as-
signments that are historically in lower de-
mand, including with monetary compensa-
tion, and whether monetary compensation is 
necessary for assignments in higher demand; 
(E) make any relevant comparisons to 
military compensation and allowances, not-
ing which allowances are shared or based on 
the same regulations; 
(F) recommend options for restructuring 
allowances to improve the efficiency of the 
assignments system and better align FSO in-
centives with the needs of the Foreign Serv-
ice, including any cost savings associated 
with such restructuring; 
(G) recommend any statutory changes nec-
essary to implement subparagraph (F), such 
as consolidating existing legal authorities 
for the provision of hardship and danger pay; 
and 
(H) detail any effects of recommendations 
made pursuant to subparagraphs (F) and (G) 
on other United States Government depart-
ments and agencies with civilian employees 
permanently assigned or on temporary duty 
in foreign areas, following consultation with 
such departments and agencies. 
(b) BRIEFING REQUIREMENT.—Before initi-
ating the analysis required under subsection 
(a)(1), and not later than 60 days after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-
retary shall provide to the Committee on 
Foreign Relations of the Senate and the 
Committee on Foreign Affairs in the House 
of Representatives a briefing on the imple-
mentation of this section that includes the 
following: 
(1) The name of the federally funded re-
search and development center that will con-
duct such analysis. 
(2) The scope of such analysis and terms of 
reference for such analysis as specified be-
tween the Department and such federally 
funded research and development center. 
(c) AVAILABILITY OF INFORMATION.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary shall make 
available to the federally-funded research 
and development center carrying out the 
analysis required under subsection (a)(1) all 
necessary and relevant information to allow 
such center to conduct such analysis in a 
quantitative and analytical manner, includ-
ing historical data on the number of bids for 
each foreign assignment and any survey data 
collected by the Department from eligible 
bidders on their bid decision-making. 
(2) 
COOPERATION.—The 
Secretary 
shall 
work with the heads of other relevant United 
States Government departments and agen-
cies to ensure such departments and agencies 
provide all necessary and relevant informa-
tion to the federally-funded research and de-
velopment center carrying out the analysis 
required under subsection (a)(1). 
(d) INTERIM
REPORT
TO
CONGRESS.—The 
Secretary shall require that the chief execu-
tive officer of the federally-funded research 
and development center that carries out the 
analysis required under subsection (a)(1) sub-
mit to the Committee on Foreign Relations 
of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign 
Affairs of the House of Representatives an 
interim report on such analysis not later 
than 180 days after the date of the enactment 
of this Act. 
SEC. 10303. SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY FELLOW-
SHIPS. 
Section 504 of the Foreign Relations Au-
thorization Act, Fiscal Year 1979 (22 U.S.C. 
2656d) is amended by adding at the end the 
following new subsection: 
‘‘(e) GRANTS AND COOPERATIVE AGREEMENTS 
RELATED TO SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY FEL-
LOWSHIP PROGRAMS.— 
‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary is author-
ized to make grants or enter into coopera-
tive agreements related to Department of 
State science and technology fellowship pro-
grams, including for assistance in recruiting 
fellows and the payment of stipends, travel, 
and other appropriate expenses to fellows. 
‘‘(2) EXCLUSION
FROM
CONSIDERATION
AS 
COMPENSATION.—Stipends 
under paragraph 
(1) shall not be considered compensation for 
purposes of section 209 of title 18, United 
States Code. 
‘‘(3) MAXIMUM ANNUAL AMOUNT.—The total 
amount of grants made pursuant to this sub-
section may not exceed $500,000 in any fiscal 
year.’’. 
SEC. 10304. TRAVEL FOR SEPARATED FAMILIES. 
Section 901(15) of the Foreign Service Act 
of 1980 (22 U.S.C. 4081(15)) is amended— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00204
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 215-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8747 
November 19, 2021 
(1) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A), by striking ‘‘1 round-trip per year for 
each child below age 21 of a member of the 
Service assigned abroad’’ and inserting ‘‘in 
the case of one or more children below age 21 
of a member of the Service assigned abroad, 
1 round-trip per year’’; 
(2) in subparagraph (A)— 
(A) by inserting ‘‘for each child’’ before ‘‘to 
visit the member abroad’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘; or’’ and inserting a 
comma; 
(3) in subparagraph (B)— 
(A) by inserting ‘‘for each child’’ before ‘‘to 
visit the other parent’’; and 
(B) by inserting ‘‘or’’ after ‘‘resides,’’; 
(4) by inserting after subparagraph (B) the 
following new subparagraph: 
‘‘(C) for one of the child’s parents to visit 
the child or children abroad if the child or 
children do not regularly reside with that 
parent and that parent is not receiving an 
education allowance or educational travel 
allowance for the child or children under sec-
tion 5924(4) of title 5, United States Code,’’; 
and 
(5) in the matter following subparagraph 
(C), as added by paragraph (4) of this section, 
by striking ‘‘a payment’’ and inserting ‘‘the 
cost of round-trip travel’’. 
SEC. 10305. HOME LEAVE TRAVEL FOR SEPA-
RATED FAMILIES. 
Section 903(b) of the Foreign Service Act of 
1980 (22 U.S.C. 4083(b)) is amended by adding 
at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘In 
cases in which a member of the Service has 
official orders to an unaccompanied post and 
in which the family members of the member 
reside apart from the member at authorized 
locations outside the United States, the 
member may take the leave ordered under 
this section where that member’s family 
members reside, notwithstanding section 
10305 of title 5, United States Code.’’. 
SEC. 10306. SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING 
CERTAIN FELLOWSHIP PROGRAMS. 
It is the sense of Congress that Depart-
ment fellowships that promote the employ-
ment of candidates belonging to under-rep-
resented groups, including the Charles B. 
Rangel International Affairs Graduate Fel-
lowship Program, the Thomas R. Pickering 
Foreign Affairs Fellowship Program, and the 
Donald M. Payne International Development 
Fellowship Program, represent smart invest-
ments vital for building a strong, capable, 
and representative national security work-
force. 
SEC. 10307. TECHNICAL CORRECTION. 
Subparagraph (A) of section 601(c)(6) of the 
Foreign Service Act of 1980 (22 U.S.C. 
4001(c)(6)) is amended, in the matter pre-
ceding clause (i), by— 
(1) striking ‘‘promotion’’ and inserting 
‘‘promotion, on or after January 1, 2017,’’; 
and 
(2) striking ‘‘individual joining the Service 
on or after January 1, 2017,’’ and inserting 
‘‘Foreign Service officer, appointed under 
section 302(a)(1), who has general responsi-
bility for carrying out the functions of the 
Service’’. 
SEC. 10308. FOREIGN SERVICE AWARDS. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Section 614 of the Foreign 
Service Act of 1980 (22 U.S.C. 4013) is amend-
ed— 
(1) by amending the section heading to 
read as follows: ‘‘DEPARTMENT AWARDS’’; and 
(2) in the first sentence, by inserting ‘‘or 
Civil Service’’ after ‘‘the Service’’. 
(b) CONFORMING AMENDMENT.—The item re-
lating to section 614 in the table of contents 
of the Foreign Service Act of 1980 is amended 
to read as follows: 
‘‘Sec. 614. Department awards.’’. 
SEC. 10309. DIPLOMATIC PROGRAMS. 
(a) SENSE OF CONGRESS ON WORKFORCE RE-
CRUITMENT.—It is the sense of Congress that 
the Secretary should continue to hold entry- 
level classes for Foreign Service officers and 
specialists and continue to recruit civil serv-
ants through programs such as the Presi-
dential Management Fellows Program and 
Pathways Internship Programs in a manner 
and at a frequency consistent with prior 
years and consistent with the need to main-
tain a pool of experienced personnel effec-
tively distributed across skill codes and 
ranks. It is further the sense of Congress 
that absent continuous recruitment and 
training of Foreign Service officers and civil 
servants, the Department will lack experi-
enced, qualified personnel in the short, me-
dium, and long terms. 
(b) LIMITATION.—The Secretary should not 
implement 
any 
reduction-in-force 
action 
under section 3502 or 3595 of title 5, United 
States Code, or for any incentive payments 
for early separation or retirement under any 
other provision of law unless— 
(1) the appropriate congressional commit-
tees are notified not less than 15 days in ad-
vance of such obligation or expenditure; and 
(2) the Secretary has provided to the ap-
propriate congressional committees a de-
tailed report that describes the Depart-
ment’s strategic staffing goals, including— 
(A) a justification that describes how any 
proposed workforce reduction enhances the 
effectiveness of the Department; 
(B) a certification that such workforce re-
duction is in the national interest of the 
United States; 
(C) a comprehensive strategic staffing plan 
for the Department, including 5-year work-
force forecasting and a description of the an-
ticipated impact of any proposed workforce 
reduction; and 
(D) a dataset displaying comprehensive 
workforce data for all current and planned 
employees of the Department, disaggregated 
by— 
(i) Foreign Service officer and Foreign 
Service specialist rank; 
(ii) civil service job skill code, grade level, 
and bureau of assignment; 
(iii) contracted employees, including the 
equivalent job skill code and bureau of as-
signment; and 
(iv) employees hired under schedule C of 
subpart C of part 213 of title 5, Code of Fed-
eral Regulations, including their equivalent 
grade and job skill code and bureau of as-
signment. 
SEC. 10310. SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING 
VETERANS EMPLOYMENT AT THE 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE. 
It is the sense of Congress that— 
(1) the Department should continue to pro-
mote the employment of veterans, in accord-
ance with section 301 of the Foreign Service 
Act of 1980 (22 U.S.C. 3941), as amended by 
section 10406 of this Act, including those vet-
erans belonging to traditionally underrep-
resented groups at the Department; 
(2) veterans employed by the Department 
have 
made 
significant 
contributions 
to 
United States foreign policy in a variety of 
regional and global affairs bureaus and diplo-
matic posts overseas; and 
(3) the Department should continue to en-
courage veteran employment and facilitate 
their participation in the workforce. 
SEC. 10311. EMPLOYEE ASSIGNMENT RESTRIC-
TIONS AND PRECLUSIONS. 
(a) SENSE OF CONGRESS.—It is the sense of 
Congress that the Department should expand 
the appeal process it makes available to em-
ployees related to assignment preclusions 
and restrictions. 
(b) APPEAL OF ASSIGNMENT RESTRICTION OR 
PRECLUSION.—Subsection (a) of section 414 of 
the Department of State Authorities Act, 
Fiscal Year 2017 (22 U.S.C. 2734c(a)) is amend-
ed by adding at the end the following new 
sentences: ‘‘Such right and process shall en-
sure that any employee subjected to an as-
signment restriction or preclusion shall have 
the same appeal rights as provided by the 
Department regarding denial or revocation 
of a security clearance. Any such appeal 
shall be resolved not later than 60 days after 
such appeal is filed.’’. 
(c) NOTICE
AND CERTIFICATION.—Not later 
than 90 days after the date of the enactment 
of this Act, the Secretary shall revise, and 
certify to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions of the Senate and the Committee on 
Foreign Affairs of the House of Representa-
tives regarding such revision, the Foreign 
Affairs Manual guidance regarding denial or 
revocation of a security clearance to ex-
pressly state that all review and appeal 
rights relating thereto shall also apply to 
any recommendation or decision to impose 
an assignment restriction or preclusion to an 
employee. 
SEC. 10312. RECALL AND REEMPLOYMENT OF CA-
REER MEMBERS. 
(a) SENSE OF CONGRESS.—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) career Department employees provide 
invaluable service to the United States as 
nonpartisan professionals who contribute 
subject matter expertise and professional 
skills to the successful development and exe-
cution of United States foreign policy; and 
(2) reemployment of skilled former mem-
bers of the Foreign and civil service who 
have voluntarily separated from the Foreign 
or civil service due to family reasons or to 
obtain professional skills outside govern-
ment is of benefit to the Department. 
(b) NOTICE
OF
EMPLOYMENT
OPPORTUNI-
TIES.—Title 5, United States Code, is amend-
ed by inserting after chapter 102 the fol-
lowing new chapter: 
‘‘CHAPTER 103—DEPARTMENT OF STATE 
‘‘Sec. 
‘‘10301. Notice of employment opportunities 
for Department of State and 
USAID positions. 
‘‘10302. Consulting services for the Depart-
ment of State. 
‘‘§ 10301. Notice of employment opportunities 
for Department of State and USAID posi-
tions 
‘‘To ensure that individuals who have sepa-
rated from the Department of State or the 
United States Agency for International De-
velopment and who are eligible for re-
appointment are aware of such opportuni-
ties, the Department of State and the United 
States Agency for International Develop-
ment shall publicize notice of all employ-
ment opportunities, including positions for 
which the relevant agency is accepting appli-
cations from individuals within the agency’s 
workforce under merit promotion proce-
dures, on publicly accessible sites, including 
www.usajobs.gov. If using merit promotion 
procedures, the notice shall expressly state 
that former employees eligible for reinstate-
ment may apply.’’. 
(c) CLERICAL
AMENDMENT.—The table of 
chapters at the beginning of title 5, United 
States Code, is amended by inserting after 
the item relating to chapter 102 the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘103. Department of State .................10301.’’. 
SEC. 10313. STRATEGIC STAFFING PLAN FOR THE 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 18 months 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
the Secretary shall submit to the appro-
priate congressional committees and the 
Committees on Appropriations of the Senate 
and the House of Representatives a com-
prehensive 5-year strategic staffing plan for 
the Department that is aligned with and fur-
thers the objectives of the National Security 
Strategy of the United States of America 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00205
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 216-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8748 
November 19, 2021 
issued in December 2017, or any subsequent 
strategy issued not later than 18 months 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
which shall include the following: 
(1) A dataset displaying comprehensive 
workforce data, including all shortages in 
bureaus described in GAO report GAO–19–220, 
for all current and planned employees of the 
Department, disaggregated by— 
(A) Foreign Service officer and Foreign 
Service specialist rank; 
(B) civil service job skill code, grade level, 
and bureau of assignment; 
(C) contracted employees, including the 
equivalent job skill code and bureau of as-
signment; and 
(D) employees hired under schedule C of 
subpart C of part 213 of title 5, Code of Fed-
eral Regulations, including the equivalent 
grade and job skill code and bureau of as-
signment of such employee. 
(2) Recommendations on the number of 
Foreign Service officers disaggregated by 
service cone that should be posted at each 
United States diplomatic post and in the 
District of Columbia, with a detailed basis 
for such recommendations. 
(3) Recommendations on the number of 
civil service officers that should be employed 
by the Department, with a detailed basis for 
such recommendations. 
(b) MAINTENANCE.—The dataset required 
under subsection (a)(1) shall be maintained 
and updated on a regular basis. 
(c) CONSULTATION.—The Secretary shall 
lead the development of the plan required 
under subsection (a) but may consult or 
partner with private sector entities with ex-
pertise in labor economics, management, or 
human resources, as well as organizations fa-
miliar with the demands and needs of the De-
partment’s workforce. 
(d) REPORT.—Not later than 120 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the 
Secretary of State shall submit to the appro-
priate congressional committees a report re-
garding root causes of Foreign Service and 
civil service shortages, the effect of such 
shortages on national security objectives, 
and the Department’s plan to implement rec-
ommendations described in GAO–19–220. 
SEC. 10314. CONSULTING SERVICES. 
Chapter 103 of title 5, United States Code, 
as added by section 10312, is amended by add-
ing at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 10302. Consulting services for the Depart-
ment of State 
‘‘Any consulting service obtained by the 
Department of State through procurement 
contract pursuant to section 3109 of title 5, 
United States Code, shall be limited to those 
contracts with respect to which expenditures 
are a matter of public record and available 
for public inspection, except if otherwise 
provided under existing law, or under exist-
ing Executive order issued pursuant to exist-
ing law.’’. 
SEC. 10315. INCENTIVES FOR CRITICAL POSTS. 
Section 1115(d) of the Supplemental Appro-
priations Act, 2009 (Public Law 111–32) is 
amended by striking the last sentence. 
SEC. 10316. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR CER-
TAIN 
ACCOUNTABILITY 
REVIEW 
BOARDS. 
Section 301(a)(3) of the Omnibus Diplo-
matic Security and Antiterrorism Act of 1986 
(22 U.S.C. 4831(a)(3)) is amended— 
(1) in the heading, by striking ‘‘AFGHANI-
STAN
AND’’ and inserting ‘‘AFGHANISTAN, 
YEMEN, SYRIA, AND’’; and 
(2) in subparagraph (A)— 
(A) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘Afghanistan 
or’’ and inserting ‘‘Afghanistan, Yemen, 
Syria, or’’; and 
(B) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘beginning on 
October 1, 2005, and ending on September 30, 
2009’’ and inserting ‘‘beginning on October 1, 
2020, and ending on September 30, 2022’’. 
SEC. 
10317. 
FOREIGN 
SERVICE 
SUSPENSION 
WITHOUT PAY. 
Subsection (c) of section 610 of the Foreign 
Service Act of 1980 (22 U.S.C. 4010) is amend-
ed— 
(1) in paragraph (1), in the matter pre-
ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘sus-
pend’’ and inserting ‘‘indefinitely suspend 
without duties’’; 
(2) by redesignating paragraph (5) as para-
graph (7); 
(3) by inserting after paragraph (4) the fol-
lowing new paragraphs: 
‘‘(5) Any member of the Service suspended 
from duties under this subsection may be 
suspended without pay only after a final 
written decision is provided to such member 
under paragraph (2). 
‘‘(6) If no final written decision under para-
graph (2) has been provided within 1 calendar 
year of the date the suspension at issue was 
proposed, not later than 30 days thereafter 
the Secretary of State shall report to the 
Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House 
of Representatives and the Committee on 
Foreign Relations of the Senate in writing 
regarding the specific reasons for such 
delay.’’; and 
(4) in paragraph (7), as so redesignated— 
(A) by striking ‘‘(7) In this subsection:’’; 
(B) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘(A) 
The term’’ and inserting the following: 
‘‘(7) In this subsection, the term’’; 
(C) by striking subparagraph (B) (relating 
to the definition of ‘‘suspend’’ and ‘‘suspen-
sion’’); and 
(D) by redesignating clauses (i) and (ii) as 
subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively; and 
moving such subparagraphs 2 ems to the left. 
SEC. 10318. FOREIGN AFFAIRS MANUAL AND FOR-
EIGN 
AFFAIRS 
HANDBOOK 
CHANGES. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
and every 180 days thereafter for 5 years, the 
Secretary shall submit to the appropriate 
congressional committees a report detailing 
all changes made to the Foreign Affairs Man-
ual or the Foreign Affairs Handbook. 
(b) COVERED PERIODS.—The first report re-
quired under subsection (a) shall cover the 5- 
year period preceding the submission of such 
report. Each subsequent report shall cover 
the 180-day period preceding submission. 
(c) CONTENTS.—Each report required under 
subsection (a) shall contain the following: 
(1) The location within the Foreign Affairs 
Manual or the Foreign Affairs Handbook 
where a change has been made. 
(2) The statutory basis for each such 
change. 
(3) A side-by-side comparison of the For-
eign Affairs Manual or Foreign Affairs Hand-
book before and after such change. 
(4) A summary of such changes displayed 
in spreadsheet form. 
SEC. 10319. WAIVER AUTHORITY FOR INDIVIDUAL 
OCCUPATIONAL REQUIREMENTS OF 
CERTAIN POSITIONS. 
The Secretary of State may waive any or 
all of the individual occupational require-
ments with respect to an employee or pro-
spective employee of the Department of 
State for a civilian position categorized 
under the GS–0130 occupational series if the 
Secretary determines that the individual 
possesses 
significant 
scientific, 
techno-
logical, engineering, or mathematical exper-
tise that is integral to performing the duties 
of the applicable position, based on dem-
onstrated job performance and qualifying ex-
perience. With respect to each waiver grant-
ed under this subsection, the Secretary shall 
set forth in a written document that is 
transmitted to the Director of the Office of 
Personnel Management the rationale for the 
decision of the Secretary to waive such re-
quirements. 
SEC. 10320. APPOINTMENT OF EMPLOYEES TO 
THE GLOBAL ENGAGEMENT CENTER. 
The Secretary may appoint, for a 3-year 
period that may be extended for up to an ad-
ditional 2 years, solely to carry out the func-
tions of the Global Engagement Center, em-
ployees of the Department without regard to 
the provisions of title 5, United States Code, 
governing appointment in the competitive 
service, and may fix the basic compensation 
of such employees without regard to chapter 
51 and subchapter III of chapter 53 of such 
title. 
SEC. 10321. EDUCATION ALLOWANCES DUE TO 
CORONAVIRUS. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—The authority under sec-
tion 5924 of title 5, United States Code, may 
be exercised by the Secretary of State and 
the heads of other Federal agencies for edu-
cation allowances to employees who are in 
the United States with assignment orders to 
a foreign area and for whom service abroad 
has been interrupted or delayed because of 
the coronavirus pandemic without regard to 
the 
foreign 
area 
limitations 
referenced 
therein. 
(b) TERMINATION.—The authority under 
subsection shall expire on September 30, 2022. 
SEC. 10322. COMPETITIVE STATUS FOR CERTAIN 
EMPLOYEES HIRED BY INSPECTORS 
GENERAL TO SUPPORT THE LEAD IG 
MISSION. 
Subparagraph (A) of section 8L(d)(5)(A) of 
the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. 
App.) is amended by striking ‘‘a lead Inspec-
tor General for’’ and inserting ‘‘any of the 
Inspectors General specified in subsection (c) 
for oversight of’’. 
SEC. 10323. REPORT RELATING TO FOREIGN 
SERVICE OFFICER TRAINING AND 
DEVELOPMENT. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 270 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
the Secretary of State shall submit to the 
appropriate committees of Congress a report 
certain fellowship or detail opportunities for 
Department of State Foreign Service per-
sonnel. 
(b) ELEMENTS.—The report required by sub-
section (a) shall include the following ele-
ments: 
(1) The number of Senior Foreign Service 
Officer generalists who, as of the date of the 
enactment of this Act, have done a tour of at 
least one year in any of the agencies or con-
gressional committees described in sub-
section (a). 
(2) The total number of senior Foreign 
Service Officer generalists as of the date of 
the enactment of this Act. 
(3) The average number of Senior Foreign 
Service Officer generalists inducted annually 
during the 10 years preceding the date of the 
enactment of this Act. 
(4) The total number of Department advi-
sors stationed in any of the agencies or con-
gressional offices described in subsection (a), 
including the agencies or offices in which 
such advisors serve. 
(5) The total number of advisors from other 
United States Government agencies sta-
tioned in the Department of State (excluding 
defense attaches, senior defense officials, and 
other Department of Defense personnel sta-
tioned in United States missions abroad), the 
home agency of the advisor, and the offices 
in which such advisors serve. 
SEC. 10324. INTERNATIONAL FAIRS AND EXPO-
SITIONS. 
There is authorized to be appropriated 
$20,000,000 for the Department of State for 
United States participation in international 
fairs and expositions abroad, including for 
construction and the operation of United 
States pavilions or other major exhibits. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00206
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 217-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8749 
November 19, 2021 
TITLE IV—A DIVERSE WORKFORCE: RE-
CRUITMENT, 
RETENTION, 
AND 
PRO-
MOTION 
SEC. 10401. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: 
(1) APPLICANT FLOW DATA.—The term ‘‘ap-
plicant flow data’’ means data that tracks 
the rate of applications for job positions 
among demographic categories. 
(2) DEMOGRAPHIC DATA.—The term ‘‘demo-
graphic data’’ means facts or statistics relat-
ing to the demographic categories specified 
in the Office of Management and Budget sta-
tistical policy directive entitled ‘‘Standards 
for Maintaining, Collecting, and Presenting 
Federal Data on Race and Ethnicity’’ (81 
Fed. Reg. 67398). 
(3) 
DIVERSITY.—The 
term 
‘‘diversity’’ 
means those classes of persons protected 
under the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (42 U.S.C. 
2000a et seq.) and the Americans with Dis-
abilities Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq.). 
(4) WORKFORCE.—The term ‘‘workforce’’ 
means— 
(A) individuals serving in a position in the 
civil service (as defined in section 2101 of 
title 5, United States Code); 
(B) individuals who are members of the 
Foreign Service (as defined in section 103 of 
the Foreign Service Act of 1980 (22 U.S.C. 
3902)); 
(C) all individuals serving under a personal 
services contract; 
(D) all individuals serving under a Foreign 
Service Limited appointment under section 
309 of the Foreign Service Act of 1980; or 
(E) individuals other than Locally Em-
ployed Staff working in the Department of 
State under any other authority. 
SEC. 10402. EXIT INTERVIEWS FOR WORKFORCE. 
(a) RETAINED MEMBERS.—The Director Gen-
eral of the Foreign Service and the Director 
of the Bureau of Human Resources or its 
equivalent shall conduct periodic interviews 
with a representative and diverse cross-sec-
tion of the workforce of the Department— 
(1) to understand the reasons of individuals 
in such workforce for remaining in a position 
in the Department; and 
(2) to receive feedback on workplace poli-
cies, professional development opportunities, 
and other issues affecting the decision of in-
dividuals in the workforce to remain in the 
Department. 
(b) DEPARTING
MEMBERS.—The Director 
General of the Foreign Service and the Di-
rector of the Bureau of Human Resources or 
its equivalent shall provide an opportunity 
for an exit interview to each individual in 
the workforce of the Department who sepa-
rates from service with the Department to 
better understand the reasons of such indi-
vidual for leaving such service. 
(c) USE OF ANALYSIS FROM INTERVIEWS.— 
The Director General of the Foreign Service 
and the Director of the Bureau of Human Re-
sources or its equivalent shall analyze demo-
graphic data and other information obtained 
through interviews under subsections (a) and 
(b) to determine to what extent, if any, the 
diversity of those participating in such 
interviews impacts the results. 
(d) 
TRACKING
DATA.—The 
Department 
shall— 
(1) track demographic data relating to par-
ticipants in professional development pro-
grams and the rate of placement into senior 
positions for participants in such programs; 
(2) annually evaluate such data— 
(A) to identify ways to improve outreach 
and recruitment for such programs, con-
sistent with merit system principles; and 
(B) to understand the extent to which par-
ticipation in any professional development 
program offered or sponsored by the Depart-
ment differs among the demographic cat-
egories of the workforce; and 
(3) actively encourage participation from a 
range of demographic categories, especially 
from categories with consistently low par-
ticipation, in such professional development 
programs. 
SEC. 10403. RECRUITMENT AND RETENTION. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary shall— 
(1) continue to seek a diverse and talented 
pool of applicants; and 
(2) instruct the Director General of the 
Foreign Service and the Director of the Bu-
reau of Human Resources of the Department 
to have a recruitment plan of action for the 
recruitment of people belonging to tradition-
ally under-represented groups, which should 
include outreach at appropriate colleges, 
universities, affinity groups, and profes-
sional associations. 
(b) SCOPE.—The diversity recruitment ini-
tiatives described in subsection (a) shall in-
clude— 
(1) recruiting at women’s colleges, histori-
cally Black colleges and universities, minor-
ity-serving institutions, and other institu-
tions serving a significant percentage of mi-
nority students; 
(2) placing job advertisements in news-
papers, magazines, and job sites oriented to-
ward diverse groups; 
(3) sponsoring and recruiting at job fairs in 
urban and rural communities and land-grant 
colleges or universities; 
(4) providing opportunities through highly 
respected, 
international 
leadership 
pro-
grams, that focus on diversity recruitment 
and retention; 
(5) expanding the use of paid internships; 
and 
(6) cultivating partnerships with organiza-
tions dedicated to the advancement of the 
profession of international affairs and na-
tional security to advance shared diversity 
goals. 
(c) EXPAND TRAINING ON ANTI-HARASSMENT 
AND ANTI-DISCRIMINATION.— 
(1) 
IN
GENERAL.—The 
Secretary 
shall, 
through the Foreign Service Institute and 
other educational and training opportuni-
ties— 
(A) ensure the provision to all individuals 
in the workforce of training on anti-harass-
ment and anti-discrimination information 
and policies, including in existing Foreign 
Service 
Institute 
courses 
or 
modules 
prioritized in the Department’s Diversity 
and Inclusion Strategic Plan for 2016–2020 to 
promote diversity in Bureau awards or miti-
gate unconscious bias; 
(B) expand the provision of training on 
workplace rights and responsibilities to 
focus on anti-harassment and anti-discrimi-
nation information and policies, including 
policies relating to sexual assault prevention 
and response; and 
(C) make such expanded training manda-
tory for— 
(i) individuals in senior and supervisory po-
sitions; 
(ii) individuals having responsibilities re-
lated to recruitment, retention, or pro-
motion of employees; and 
(iii) any other individual determined by 
the Department who needs such training 
based on analysis by the Department or OPM 
analysis. 
(2) BEST PRACTICES.—The Department shall 
give special attention to ensuring the con-
tinuous incorporation of research-based best 
practices in training provided under this sub-
section. 
SEC. 10404. LEADERSHIP ENGAGEMENT AND AC-
COUNTABILITY. 
(a) REWARD
AND RECOGNIZE EFFORTS TO 
PROMOTE DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary shall im-
plement performance and advancement re-
quirements that reward and recognize the ef-
forts of individuals in senior positions and 
supervisors in the Department in fostering 
an inclusive environment and cultivating 
talent consistent with merit system prin-
ciples, such as through participation in men-
toring programs or sponsorship initiatives, 
recruitment events, and other similar oppor-
tunities. 
(2) OUTREACH EVENTS.—The Secretary shall 
create opportunities for individuals in senior 
positions and supervisors in the Department 
to participate in outreach events and to dis-
cuss issues relating to diversity and inclu-
sion with the workforce on a regular basis, 
including with employee resource groups. 
(b) EXTERNAL ADVISORY COMMITTEES
AND 
BOARDS.—For each external advisory com-
mittee or board to which individuals in sen-
ior positions in the Department appoint 
members, the Secretary is strongly encour-
aged by Congress to ensure such external ad-
visory committee or board is developed, re-
viewed, and carried out by qualified teams 
that represent the diversity of the organiza-
tion. 
SEC. 10405. PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT OP-
PORTUNITIES AND TOOLS. 
(a) EXPAND PROVISION OF PROFESSIONAL DE-
VELOPMENT
AND CAREER ADVANCEMENT OP-
PORTUNITIES.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary is author-
ized to expand professional development op-
portunities that support the mission needs of 
the Department, such as— 
(A) academic programs; 
(B) private-public exchanges; and 
(C) detail assignments to relevant posi-
tions in— 
(i) private or international organizations; 
(ii) State, local, and Tribal governments; 
(iii) other branches of the Federal Govern-
ment; or 
(iv) professional schools of international 
affairs. 
(2) TRAINING FOR SENIOR POSITIONS.— 
(A) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary shall offer, 
or sponsor members of the workforce to par-
ticipate in, a Senior Executive Service can-
didate development program or other pro-
gram that trains members on the skills re-
quired for appointment to senior positions in 
the Department. 
(B) REQUIREMENTS.—In determining which 
members of the workforce are granted pro-
fessional development or career advance-
ment opportunities under subparagraph (A), 
the Secretary shall— 
(i) ensure any program offered or sponsored 
by the Department under such subparagraph 
comports with the requirements of subpart C 
of part 412 of title 5, Code of Federal Regula-
tions, or any successor thereto, including 
merit staffing and assessment requirements; 
(ii) consider the number of expected vacan-
cies in senior positions as a factor in deter-
mining the number of candidates to select 
for such programs; 
(iii) understand how participation in any 
program offered or sponsored by the Depart-
ment under such subparagraph differs by 
gender, race, national origin, disability sta-
tus, or other demographic categories; and 
(iv) actively encourage participation from 
a range of demographic categories, espe-
cially from categories with consistently low 
participation. 
SEC. 10406. EXAMINATION AND ORAL ASSESS-
MENT FOR THE FOREIGN SERVICE. 
(a) SENSE OF CONGRESS.—It is the sense of 
Congress that the Department should offer 
both the Foreign Service written examina-
tion and oral assessment in more locations 
throughout the United States. Doing so 
would ease the financial burden on potential 
candidates who do not currently reside in 
and must travel at their own expense to one 
of the few locations where these assessments 
are offered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00207
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 218-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8750 
November 19, 2021 
(b) FOREIGN SERVICE EXAMINATIONS.—Sec-
tion 301(b) of the Foreign Service Act of 1980 
(22 U.S.C. 3941) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘The Secretary’’ and insert-
ing: ‘‘(1) The Secretary’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(2) The Secretary shall ensure that the 
Board of Examiners for the Foreign Service 
annually offers the oral assessment examina-
tions described in paragraph (1) in cities, 
chosen on a rotating basis, located in at 
least five cities in three different time zones 
across the United States.’’. 
SEC. 10407. PAYNE FELLOWSHIP AUTHORIZA-
TION. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Undergraduate and grad-
uate components of the Donald M. Payne 
International Development Fellowship Pro-
gram may conduct outreach to attract out-
standing students with an interest in pur-
suing a Foreign Service career who represent 
diverse ethnic and socioeconomic back-
grounds. 
(b) REVIEW OF PAST PROGRAMS.—The Sec-
retary shall review past programs designed 
to increase minority representation in inter-
national affairs positions. 
SEC. 10408. VOLUNTARY PARTICIPATION. 
(a) IN
GENERAL.—Nothing in this title 
should be construed so as to compel any em-
ployee to participate in the collection of the 
data or divulge any personal information. 
Department employees shall be informed 
that their participation in the data collec-
tion contemplated by this title is voluntary. 
(b) PRIVACY
PROTECTION.—Any data col-
lected under this title shall be subject to the 
relevant privacy protection statutes and reg-
ulations applicable to Federal employees. 
TITLE V—INFORMATION SECURITY 
SEC. 10501. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: 
(1) INTELLIGENCE
COMMUNITY.—The term 
‘‘intelligence community’’ has the meaning 
given such term in section 3(4) of the Na-
tional Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003(4)). 
(2) 
RELEVANT
CONGRESSIONAL
COMMIT-
TEES.—The term ‘‘relevant congressional 
committees’’ means— 
(A) the appropriate congressional commit-
tees; 
(B) the Select Committee on Intelligence 
of the Senate; and 
(C) the Permanent Select Committee on 
Intelligence of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 10502. LIST OF CERTAIN TELECOMMUNI-
CATIONS PROVIDERS. 
(a) LIST
OF COVERED CONTRACTORS.—Not 
later than 30 days after the date of the enact-
ment of this Act, the Secretary, in consulta-
tion with the Director of National Intel-
ligence and other appropriate Federal agen-
cies as determined jointly by the Secretary 
and the Director of National Intelligence, 
shall develop or maintain, as the case may 
be, and update as frequently as the Secretary 
determines appropriate, a list of covered 
contractors with respect to which the De-
partment should seek to avoid entering into 
contracts. Not later than 30 days after the 
initial development of the list under this 
subsection, any update thereto, and annually 
thereafter for 5 years after such initial 30 
day period, the Secretary shall submit to the 
appropriate congressional committees a copy 
of such list. 
(b) COVERED CONTRACTOR DEFINED.—In this 
section, 
the 
term 
‘‘covered 
contractor’’ 
means a provider of telecommunications, 
telecommunications equipment, or informa-
tion technology equipment, including hard-
ware, software, or services, that has know-
ingly assisted or facilitated a cyber attack 
or conducted surveillance, including passive 
or active monitoring, carried out against— 
(1) the United States by, or on behalf of, 
any government, or persons associated with 
such government, listed as a cyber threat 
actor in the intelligence community’s 2017 
assessment of worldwide threats to United 
States national security or any subsequent 
worldwide threat assessment of the intel-
ligence community; or 
(2) individuals, including activists, journal-
ists, opposition politicians, or other individ-
uals for the purposes of suppressing dissent 
or intimidating critics, on behalf of a coun-
try included in the annual country reports 
on human rights practices of the Department 
for systematic acts of political repression, 
including arbitrary arrest or detention, tor-
ture, extrajudicial or politically motivated 
killing, or other gross violations of human 
rights. 
SEC. 10503. FOREIGN RELATIONS OF THE UNITED 
STATES (FRUS) SERIES AND DECLAS-
SIFICATION. 
The State Department Basic Authorities 
Act of 1956 is amended— 
(1) in section 402(a)(2) (22 U.S.C. 4352(a)(2)), 
by striking ‘‘26’’ and inserting ‘‘20’’; and 
(2) in section 404 (22 U.S.C. 4354)— 
(A) 
in 
subsection 
(a)(1), 
by 
striking 
‘‘30’’and inserting ‘‘25’’; and 
(B) in subsection (c)(1)(C), by striking ‘‘30’’ 
and inserting ‘‘25’’. 
TITLE VI—PUBLIC DIPLOMACY 
SEC. 10601. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Public Di-
plomacy Modernization Act of 2021’’. 
SEC. 10602. AVOIDING DUPLICATION OF PRO-
GRAMS AND EFFORTS. 
The Secretary shall— 
(1) identify opportunities for greater effi-
ciency of operations, including through im-
proved coordination of efforts across public 
diplomacy bureaus and offices of the Depart-
ment; and 
(2) maximize shared use of resources be-
tween, and within, such public diplomacy bu-
reaus and offices in cases in which programs, 
facilities, or administrative functions are 
duplicative or substantially overlapping. 
SEC. 10603. IMPROVING RESEARCH AND EVALUA-
TION OF PUBLIC DIPLOMACY. 
(a) RESEARCH
AND
EVALUATION
ACTIVI-
TIES.—The Secretary, acting through the Di-
rector of Research and Evaluation appointed 
pursuant to subsection (b), shall— 
(1) conduct regular research and evaluation 
of public diplomacy programs and activities 
of the Department, including through the 
routine use of audience research, digital ana-
lytics, and impact evaluations, to plan and 
execute such programs and activities; and 
(2) make available to Congress the findings 
of the research and evaluations conducted 
under paragraph (1). 
(b) DIRECTOR
OF RESEARCH
AND EVALUA-
TION.— 
(1) APPOINTMENT.—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
the Secretary shall appoint a Director of Re-
search and Evaluation (referred to in this 
subsection as the ‘‘Director’’) in the Office of 
Policy, Planning, and Resources for Public 
Diplomacy and Public Affairs of the Depart-
ment. 
(2) LIMITATION
ON
APPOINTMENT.—The ap-
pointment of the Director pursuant to para-
graph (1) shall not result in an increase in 
the overall full-time equivalent positions 
within the Department. 
(3) RESPONSIBILITIES.—The Director shall— 
(A) coordinate and oversee the research 
and evaluation of public diplomacy programs 
and activities of the Department in order 
to— 
(i) improve public diplomacy strategies 
and tactics; and 
(ii) ensure that such programs and activi-
ties are increasing the knowledge, under-
standing, and trust of the United States by 
relevant target audiences; 
(B) routinely organize and oversee audi-
ence research, digital analytics, and impact 
evaluations across all public diplomacy bu-
reaus and offices of the Department; 
(C) support United States diplomatic posts’ 
public affairs sections; 
(D) share appropriate public diplomacy re-
search and evaluation information within 
the Department and with other appropriate 
Federal departments and agencies; 
(E) regularly design and coordinate stand-
ardized research questions, methodologies, 
and procedures to ensure that public diplo-
macy programs and activities across all pub-
lic diplomacy bureaus and offices are de-
signed to meet appropriate foreign policy ob-
jectives; and 
(F) report biannually to the United States 
Advisory Commission on Public Diplomacy, 
through the Subcommittee on Research and 
Evaluation established pursuant to sub-
section (f), regarding the research and eval-
uation of all public diplomacy bureaus and 
offices. 
(4) GUIDANCE AND TRAINING.—Not later than 
1 year after the appointment of the Director 
pursuant to paragraph (1), the Director shall 
develop guidance and training, including 
curriculum for use by the Foreign Service 
Institute, for all public diplomacy officers of 
the Department regarding the reading and 
interpretation of public diplomacy program 
and activity evaluation findings to ensure 
that 
such 
findings 
and 
related 
lessons 
learned are implemented in the planning and 
evaluation of all public diplomacy programs 
and activities of the Department. 
(c) PRIORITIZING
RESEARCH
AND
EVALUA-
TION.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—The head of the Office of 
Policy, Planning, and Resources for Public 
Diplomacy and Public Affairs of the Depart-
ment shall ensure that research and evalua-
tion of public diplomacy and activities of the 
Department, as coordinated and overseen by 
the Director pursuant to subsection (b), sup-
ports strategic planning and resource alloca-
tion across all public diplomacy bureaus and 
offices of the Department. 
(2) ALLOCATION
OF
RESOURCES.—Amounts 
allocated for the purpose of research and 
evaluation of public diplomacy programs and 
activities of the Department pursuant to 
subsection (b) shall be made available to be 
disbursed at the direction of the Director of 
Research and Evaluation among the research 
and evaluation staff across all public diplo-
macy bureaus and offices of the Department. 
(3) SENSE OF CONGRESS.—It is the sense of 
Congress that the Department should gradu-
ally increase its allocation of funds made 
available under the headings ‘‘Educational 
and Cultural Exchange Programs’’ and ‘‘Dip-
lomatic Programs’’ for research and evalua-
tion of public diplomacy programs and ac-
tivities of the Department pursuant to sub-
section (b) to a percentage of program funds 
that is commensurate with Federal Govern-
ment best practices. 
(d) LIMITED EXEMPTION RELATING
TO
THE 
PAPERWORK REDUCTION ACT.—Chapter 35 of 
title 44, United States Code (commonly 
known as the ‘‘Paperwork Reduction Act’’) 
shall not apply to the collection of informa-
tion directed at any individuals conducted 
by, or on behalf of, the Department of State 
for the purpose of audience research, moni-
toring, and evaluations, and in connection 
with the Department’s activities conducted 
pursuant to any of the following: 
(1) The Mutual Educational and Cultural 
Exchange Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2451 et seq.). 
(2) Section 1287 of the National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public 
Law 114–328; 22 U.S.C. 2656 note). 
(3) The Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 
U.S.C. 2151 et seq.). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00208
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 219-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8751 
November 19, 2021 
(e) LIMITED EXEMPTION RELATING
TO
THE 
PRIVACY ACT.— 
(1) IN
GENERAL.—The Department shall 
maintain, 
collect, 
use, 
and 
disseminate 
records (as such term is defined in section 
552a(a)(4) of title 5, United States Code) for 
audience research, digital analytics, and im-
pact evaluation of communications related 
to public diplomacy efforts intended for for-
eign audiences. 
(2) CONDITIONS.—Audience research, digital 
analytics, and impact evaluations under 
paragraph (1) shall be— 
(A) reasonably tailored to meet the pur-
poses of this subsection; and 
(B) carried out with due regard for privacy 
and civil liberties guidance and oversight. 
(f) UNITED STATES ADVISORY COMMISSION ON 
PUBLIC DIPLOMACY.— 
(1) SUBCOMMITTEE FOR RESEARCH AND EVAL-
UATION.—The United States Advisory Com-
mission on Public Diplomacy shall establish 
a Subcommittee on Research and Evaluation 
to monitor and advise regarding audience re-
search, digital analytics, and impact evalua-
tions carried out by the Department and the 
United States Agency for Global Media. 
(2) ANNUAL REPORT.—The Subcommittee on 
Research and Evaluation established pursu-
ant to paragraph (1) shall submit to the ap-
propriate congressional committees an an-
nual report, in conjunction with the United 
States Advisory Commission on Public Di-
plomacy’s Comprehensive Annual Report on 
the performance of the Department and the 
United States Agency for Global Media, de-
scribing all actions taken by the Sub-
committee pursuant to paragraph (1) and 
any findings made as a result of such ac-
tions. 
SEC. 10604. PERMANENT REAUTHORIZATION OF 
THE 
UNITED 
STATES 
ADVISORY 
COMMISSION 
ON 
PUBLIC 
DIPLO-
MACY. 
Section 1334 of the Foreign Affairs Reform 
and Restructuring Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6553) 
is amended— 
(1) in the section heading, by striking 
‘‘SUNSET’’ and inserting ‘‘CONTINUATION’’; and 
(2) by striking ‘‘until October 1, 2021’’. 
SEC. 10605. STREAMLINING OF SUPPORT FUNC-
TIONS. 
(a) 
WORKING
GROUP
ESTABLISHED.—Not 
later than 60 days after the date of the enact-
ment of this Act, the Secretary shall estab-
lish a working group to explore the possibili-
ties 
and 
cost-benefit 
analysis 
of 
transitioning to a shared services model as 
such pertains to human resources, travel, 
purchasing, budgetary planning, and all 
other executive support functions for all bu-
reaus of the Department that report to the 
Under Secretary for Public Diplomacy of the 
Department. 
(b) REPORT.—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the 
Secretary shall submit to the appropriate 
congressional committees a plan to imple-
ment any such findings of the working group 
established under subsection (a). 
SEC. 10606. GUIDANCE FOR CLOSURE OF PUBLIC 
DIPLOMACY FACILITIES. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
the Secretary of State shall adopt, and in-
clude in the Foreign Affairs Manual, guide-
lines to collect and utilize information from 
each diplomatic post at which the construc-
tion of a new embassy compound or new con-
sulate compound would result in the closure 
or co-location of an American Space, Amer-
ican Center, American Corner, or any other 
public diplomacy facility under the Secure 
Embassy Construction and Counterterrorism 
Act of 1999 (22 U.S.C. 4865 et seq.). 
(b) 
REQUIREMENTS.—The 
guidelines 
re-
quired by subsection (a) shall include the fol-
lowing: 
(1) Standardized notification to each chief 
of mission at a diplomatic post describing 
the requirements of the Secure Embassy 
Construction and Counterterrorism Act of 
1999 and the impact on the mission footprint 
of such requirements. 
(2) An assessment and recommendations 
from each chief of mission of potential im-
pacts to public diplomacy programming at 
such diplomatic post if any public diplomacy 
facility referred to in subsection (a) is closed 
or staff is co-located in accordance with such 
Act. 
(3) A process by which assessments and 
recommendations under paragraph (2) are 
considered by the Secretary and the appro-
priate Under Secretaries and Assistant Sec-
retaries of the Department. 
(4) Notification to the appropriate congres-
sional committees, prior to the initiation of 
a new embassy compound or new consulate 
compound design, of the intent to close any 
such public diplomacy facility or co-locate 
public diplomacy staff in accordance with 
such Act. 
(c) REPORT.—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the 
Secretary shall submit to the appropriate 
congressional committees a report con-
taining the guidelines required under sub-
section (a) and any recommendations for any 
modifications to such guidelines. 
SEC. 10607. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: 
(1) AUDIENCE RESEARCH.—The term ‘‘audi-
ence research’’ means research conducted at 
the outset of a public diplomacy program or 
the outset of campaign planning and design 
regarding specific audience segments to un-
derstand the attitudes, interests, knowledge, 
and behaviors of such audience segments. 
(2) DIGITAL ANALYTICS.—The term ‘‘digital 
analytics’’ means the analysis of qualitative 
and quantitative data, accumulated in dig-
ital format, to indicate the outputs and out-
comes of a public diplomacy program or 
campaign. 
(3) IMPACT EVALUATION.—The term ‘‘impact 
evaluation’’ means an assessment of the 
changes in the audience targeted by a public 
diplomacy program or campaign that can be 
attributed to such program or campaign. 
(4) PUBLIC
DIPLOMACY
BUREAUS
AND
OF-
FICES.—The term ‘‘public diplomacy bureaus 
and offices’’ means, with respect to the De-
partment, the following: 
(A) The Bureau of Educational and Cul-
tural Affairs. 
(B) The Bureau of Global Public Affairs. 
(C) The Office of Policy, Planning, and Re-
sources for Public Diplomacy and Public Af-
fairs. 
(D) The Global Engagement Center. 
(E) The public diplomacy functions within 
the regional and functional bureaus. 
TITLE VII—COMBATING PUBLIC 
CORRUPTION 
SEC. 10701. SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
It is the sense of Congress that— 
(1) it is in the foreign policy interest of the 
United States to help foreign countries pro-
mote good governance and combat public 
corruption; 
(2) multiple Federal departments and agen-
cies operate programs that promote good 
governance in foreign countries and enhance 
such countries’ ability to combat public cor-
ruption; and 
(3) the Department of State should— 
(A) promote coordination among the Fed-
eral departments and agencies implementing 
programs to promote good governance and 
combat public corruption in foreign coun-
tries in order to improve effectiveness and 
efficiency; and 
(B) identify areas in which United States 
efforts to help other countries promote good 
governance and combat public corruption 
could be enhanced. 
SEC. 10702. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: 
(1) CORRUPT
ACTOR.—The term ‘‘corrupt 
actor’’ means— 
(A) any foreign person or entity that is a 
government official or government entity re-
sponsible for, or complicit in, an act of cor-
ruption; and 
(B) any company, in which a person or en-
tity described in subparagraph (A) has a sig-
nificant stake, which is responsible for, or 
complicit in, an act of corruption. 
(2) CORRUPTION.—The term ‘‘corruption’’ 
means the unlawful exercise of entrusted 
public power for private gain, including by 
bribery, nepotism, fraud, or embezzlement. 
(3) SIGNIFICANT
CORRUPTION.—The term 
‘‘significant corruption’’ means corruption 
committed at a high level of government 
that has some or all of the following charac-
teristics: 
(A) Illegitimately distorts major decision- 
making, such as policy or resource deter-
minations, or other fundamental functions of 
governance. 
(B) 
Involves 
economically 
or 
socially 
large-scale government activities. 
SEC. 10703. PUBLICATION OF TIERED RANKING 
LIST. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of State 
shall annually publish, on a publicly acces-
sible website, a tiered ranking of all foreign 
countries. 
(b) TIER 1 COUNTRIES.—A country shall be 
ranked as a tier 1 country in the ranking 
published under subsection (a) if the govern-
ment of such country is complying with the 
minimum standards set forth in section 
10704. 
(c) TIER 2 COUNTRIES.—A country shall be 
ranked as a tier 2 country in the ranking 
published under subsection (a) if the govern-
ment of such country is making efforts to 
comply with the minimum standards set 
forth in section 10704, but is not achieving 
the requisite level of compliance to be 
ranked as a tier 1 country. 
(d) TIER 3 COUNTRIES.—A country shall be 
ranked as a tier 3 country in the ranking 
published under subsection (a) if the govern-
ment of such country is making de minimis 
or no efforts to comply with the minimum 
standards set forth in section 10704. 
SEC. 10704. MINIMUM STANDARDS FOR THE 
ELIMINATION OF CORRUPTION AND 
ASSESSMENT OF EFFORTS TO COM-
BAT CORRUPTION. 
(a) IN
GENERAL.—The government of a 
country is complying with the minimum 
standards for the elimination of corruption if 
the government— 
(1) has enacted and implemented laws and 
established government structures, policies, 
and practices that prohibit corruption, in-
cluding significant corruption; 
(2) enforces the laws described in para-
graph (1) by punishing any person who is 
found, through a fair judicial process, to 
have violated such laws; 
(3) prescribes punishment for significant 
corruption that is commensurate with the 
punishment prescribed for serious crimes; 
and 
(4) is making serious and sustained efforts 
to address corruption, including through pre-
vention. 
(b) FACTORS
FOR ASSESSING GOVERNMENT 
EFFORTS TO COMBAT CORRUPTION.—In deter-
mining whether a government is making se-
rious and sustained efforts to address corrup-
tion, the Secretary of State shall consider, 
to the extent relevant or appropriate, factors 
such as— 
(1) whether the government of the country 
has criminalized corruption, investigates and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00209
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 220-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8752 
November 19, 2021 
prosecutes acts of corruption, and convicts 
and sentences persons responsible for such 
acts over which it has jurisdiction, includ-
ing, as appropriate, incarcerating individuals 
convicted of such acts; 
(2) whether the government of the country 
vigorously 
investigates, 
prosecutes, 
con-
victs, and sentences public officials who par-
ticipate in or facilitate corruption, including 
nationals of the country who are deployed in 
foreign military assignments, trade delega-
tions abroad, or other similar missions, who 
engage in or facilitate significant corrup-
tion; 
(3) whether the government of the country 
has adopted measures to prevent corruption, 
such as measures to inform and educate the 
public, including potential victims, about 
the causes and consequences of corruption; 
(4) what steps the government of the coun-
try has taken to prohibit government offi-
cials from participating in, facilitating, or 
condoning corruption, including the inves-
tigation, prosecution, and conviction of such 
officials; 
(5) the extent to which the country pro-
vides access, or, as appropriate, makes ade-
quate resources available, to civil society or-
ganizations and other institutions to combat 
corruption, 
including 
reporting, 
inves-
tigating, and monitoring; 
(6) whether an independent judiciary or ju-
dicial body in the country is responsible for, 
and effectively capable of, deciding corrup-
tion cases impartially, on the basis of facts 
and in accordance with the law, without any 
improper restrictions, influences, induce-
ments, pressures, threats, or interferences 
(direct or indirect); 
(7) whether the government of the country 
is assisting in international investigations of 
transnational corruption networks and in 
other cooperative efforts to combat signifi-
cant corruption, including, as appropriate, 
cooperating with the governments of other 
countries to extradite corrupt actors; 
(8) whether the government of the country 
recognizes the rights of victims of corrup-
tion, ensures their access to justice, and 
takes steps to prevent victims from being 
further victimized or persecuted by corrupt 
actors, government officials, or others; 
(9) whether the government of the country 
protects victims of corruption or whistle-
blowers from reprisal due to such persons 
having assisted in exposing corruption, and 
refrains from other discriminatory treat-
ment of such persons; 
(10) whether the government of the coun-
try is willing and able to recover and, as ap-
propriate, return the proceeds of corruption; 
(11) whether the government of the coun-
try is taking steps to implement financial 
transparency measures in line with the Fi-
nancial Action Task Force recommenda-
tions, including due diligence and beneficial 
ownership transparency requirements; 
(12) whether the government of the coun-
try is facilitating corruption in other coun-
tries in connection with state-directed in-
vestment, loans or grants for major infra-
structure, or other initiatives; and 
(13) such other information relating to cor-
ruption as the Secretary of State considers 
appropriate. 
(c) ASSESSING
GOVERNMENT
EFFORTS
TO 
COMBAT CORRUPTION
IN RELATION
TO REL-
EVANT INTERNATIONAL COMMITMENTS.—In de-
termining whether a government is making 
serious and sustained efforts to address cor-
ruption, the Secretary of State shall con-
sider the government of a country’s compli-
ance with the following, as relevant: 
(1) The Inter-American Convention against 
Corruption of the Organization of American 
States, done at Caracas March 29, 1996. 
(2) The Convention on Combating Bribery 
of Foreign Public Officials in International 
Business Transactions of the Organisation of 
Economic Co-operation and Development, 
done at Paris December 21, 1997 (commonly 
referred to as the ‘‘Anti-Bribery Conven-
tion’’). 
(3) The United Nations Convention against 
Transnational Organized Crime, done at New 
York November 15, 2000. 
(4) The United Nations Convention against 
Corruption, done at New York October 31, 
2003. 
(5) Such other treaties, agreements, and 
international standards as the Secretary of 
State considers appropriate. 
SEC. 10705. DESIGNATION OF EMBASSY ANTI-COR-
RUPTION POINTS OF CONTACT. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary of State 
shall annually designate an anti-corruption 
point of contact at the United States diplo-
matic post to each country identified as tier 
2 or tier 3 under section 10703, or which the 
Secretary otherwise determines is in need of 
such a point of contact. The point of contact 
shall be the chief of mission or the chief of 
mission’s designee. 
(b) RESPONSIBILITIES.—Each anti-corrup-
tion point of contact designated under sub-
section (a) shall be responsible for enhancing 
coordination and promoting the implementa-
tion of a whole-of-government approach 
among the relevant Federal departments and 
agencies undertaking efforts to— 
(1) promote good governance in foreign 
countries; and 
(2) enhance the ability of such countries— 
(A) to combat public corruption; and 
(B) to develop and implement corruption 
risk assessment tools and mitigation strate-
gies. 
(c) TRAINING.—The Secretary of State shall 
implement appropriate training for anti-cor-
ruption points of contact designated under 
subsection (a). 
TITLE VIII—OTHER MATTERS 
SEC. 10801. LIMITATION ON ASSISTANCE TO 
COUNTRIES IN DEFAULT. 
Section 620(q) of the Foreign Assistance 
Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2370(q)) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘No assistance’’ and insert-
ing the following: 
‘‘(1) No assistance’’; 
(2) by inserting ‘‘the government of’’ before 
‘‘any country’’; 
(3) by inserting ‘‘the government of’’ before 
‘‘such country’’ each place it appears; 
(4) by striking ‘‘determines’’ and all that 
follows and inserting ‘‘determines, after con-
sultation with the Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs and the Committee on Appropriations 
of the House of Representatives and the 
Committee on Foreign Relations and the 
Committee on Appropriations of the Senate, 
that assistance for such country is in the na-
tional interest of the United States.’’; and 
(5) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(2) No assistance shall be furnished under 
this Act, the Peace Corps Act, the Millen-
nium Challenge Act of 2003, the African De-
velopment Foundation Act, the BUILD Act 
of 2018, section 504 of the FREEDOM Support 
Act, or section 23 of the Arms Export Control 
Act to the government of any country which 
is in default during a period in excess of 1 
calendar year in payment to the United 
States of principal or interest or any loan 
made to the government of such country by 
the United States unless the President deter-
mines, following consultation with the con-
gressional committees specified in paragraph 
(1), that assistance for such country is in the 
national interest of the United States.’’. 
SEC. 10802. SEAN AND DAVID GOLDMAN CHILD 
ABDUCTION PREVENTION AND RE-
TURN ACT OF 2014 AMENDMENT. 
Subsection (b) of section 101 of the Sean 
and David Goldman International Child Ab-
duction Prevention and Return Act of 2014 
(22 U.S.C. 9111; Public Law 113–150) is amend-
ed— 
(1) in paragraph (2)— 
(A) in subparagraph (A)— 
(i) by inserting ‘‘, respectively,’’ after ‘‘ac-
cess cases’’; and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘and the number of chil-
dren involved’’ before the semicolon at the 
end; and 
(B) in subparagraph (D), by inserting ‘‘re-
spectively, the number of children involved,’’ 
after ‘‘access cases,’’; 
(2) in paragraph (7), by inserting ‘‘, and 
number of children involved in such cases’’ 
before the semicolon at the end; 
(3) in paragraph (8), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
after the semicolon at the end; 
(4) in paragraph (9), by striking the period 
at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(5) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(10) the total number of pending cases the 
Department of State has assigned to case of-
ficers and number of children involved for 
each country and as a total for all coun-
tries.’’. 
SEC. 10803. CONGRESSIONAL OVERSIGHT, QUAR-
TERLY REVIEW, AND AUTHORITY RE-
LATING 
TO 
CONCURRENCE 
PRO-
VIDED BY CHIEFS OF MISSION FOR 
THE PROVISION OF SUPPORT RE-
LATING 
TO 
CERTAIN 
UNITED 
STATES GOVERNMENT OPERATIONS. 
(a) 
NOTIFICATION
REQUIRED.—Not 
later 
than 30 days after the date on which a chief 
of mission provides concurrence for the pro-
vision of United States Government support 
to entities or individuals engaged in facili-
tating or supporting United States Govern-
ment operations within the area of responsi-
bility of the chief of mission, the Secretary 
of State shall notify the Committee on For-
eign Relations of the Senate and the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs of the House of 
Representatives of the provision of such con-
currence. 
(b) QUARTERLY
REVIEW, DETERMINATION, 
AND BRIEFING REQUIRED.—Not less frequently 
than every 90 days, the Secretary of State 
shall, in order to ensure support described in 
subsection (a) continues to align with United 
States foreign policy objectives and the ob-
jectives of the Department of State— 
(1) conduct a review of any concurrence de-
scribed in subsection (a) in effect as of the 
date of the review; 
(2) based on the review, determine whether 
to revoke any such concurrence pending fur-
ther study and review; and 
(3) brief the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions of the Senate and the Committee on 
Foreign Affairs of the House of Representa-
tives on the results of the review. 
(c) REVOCATION OF CONCURRENCE.—Based on 
the review conducted pursuant to subsection 
(b), the Secretary may revoke any such con-
currence. 
(d) ANNUAL REPORT REQUIRED.—Not later 
than January 31 of each year, the Secretary 
of State shall submit to the Committee on 
Foreign Relations of the Senate and the 
Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House 
of Representatives a report that includes the 
following: 
(1) A description of any support described 
in subsection (a) that was provided with the 
concurrence of a chief of mission during the 
calendar year preceding the calendar year in 
which the report is submitted. 
(2) An analysis of the effects of the support 
described in paragraph (1) on diplomatic 
lines of effort, including with respect to— 
(A) 
Nonproliferation, 
Anti-terrorism, 
Demining, and Related Programs (NADR) 
and associated Anti-Terrorism Assistance 
(ATA) programs; 
(B) International Narcotics Control and 
Law Enforcement (INCLE) programs; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00210
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 221-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8753 
November 19, 2021 
(C) Foreign Military Sales (FMS), Foreign 
Military Financing (FMF), and associated 
training programs. 
SEC. 
10804. 
REPORT 
ON 
EFFORTS 
OF 
THE 
CORONAVIRUS REPATRIATION TASK 
FORCE. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the Secretary of 
State shall submit to the appropriate con-
gressional committees, the Committee on 
Armed Services of the House of Representa-
tives, and the Committee on Armed Services 
of the Senate a report evaluating the efforts 
of the Coronavirus Repatriation Task Force 
of the Department of State to repatriate 
United States citizens and legal permanent 
residents in response to the 2020 coronavirus 
outbreak. The report shall identify— 
(1) the most significant impediments to re-
patriating such persons; 
(2) the lessons learned from such repatri-
ations; and 
(3) any changes planned to future repatri-
ation efforts of the Department of State to 
incorporate such lessons learned. 
DIVISION H—REAUTHORIZATION OF NA-
TIVE AMERICAN HOUSING ASSISTANCE 
AND SELF-DETERMINATION ACT OF 1996 
SEC. 11001. SHORT TITLE. 
This division may be cited as the ‘‘Native 
American Housing Assistance and Self-De-
termination Reauthorization Act of 2021’’. 
SEC. 
11002. 
CONSOLIDATION 
OF 
ENVIRON-
MENTAL REVIEW REQUIREMENTS. 
Section 105 of the Native American Hous-
ing Assistance and Self-Determination Act 
of 1996 (25 U.S.C. 4115) is amended by adding 
at the end the following: 
‘‘(e) CONSOLIDATION OF ENVIRONMENTAL RE-
VIEW REQUIREMENTS.— 
‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—In the case of a recipient 
of grant amounts under this Act that is car-
rying out a project that qualifies as an af-
fordable housing activity under section 202, 
if the recipient is using 1 or more additional 
sources of Federal funds to carry out the 
project, and the grant amounts received 
under this Act constitute the largest single 
source of Federal funds that the recipient 
reasonably expects to commit to the project 
at the time of environmental review, the In-
dian tribe of the recipient may assume, in 
addition to all of the responsibilities for en-
vironmental review, decision making, and 
action under subsection (a), all of the addi-
tional responsibilities for environmental re-
view, decision making, and action under pro-
visions of law that would apply to each Fed-
eral agency providing additional funding 
were the Federal agency to carry out the 
project as a Federal project. 
‘‘(2) DISCHARGE.—The assumption by the 
Indian tribe of the additional responsibilities 
for environmental review, decision making, 
and action under paragraph (1) with respect 
to a project shall be deemed to discharge the 
responsibility of the applicable Federal agen-
cy for environmental review, decision mak-
ing, and action with respect to the project. 
‘‘(3) CERTIFICATION.—An Indian tribe that 
assumes the additional responsibilities under 
paragraph (1), shall certify, in addition to 
the requirements under subsection (c)— 
‘‘(A) the additional responsibilities that 
the Indian tribe has fully carried out under 
this subsection; and 
‘‘(B) that the certifying officer consents to 
assume the status of a responsible Federal 
official under the provisions of law that 
would apply to each Federal agency pro-
viding additional funding under paragraph 
(1). 
‘‘(4) LIABILITY.— 
‘‘(A) IN
GENERAL.—An Indian tribe that 
completes an environmental review under 
this subsection shall assume sole liability for 
the content and quality of the review. 
‘‘(B) REMEDIES AND SANCTIONS.—Except as 
provided in subparagraph (C), if the Sec-
retary approves a certification and release of 
funds to an Indian tribe for a project in ac-
cordance with subsection (b), but the Sec-
retary or the head of another Federal agency 
providing funding for the project subse-
quently learns that the Indian tribe failed to 
carry out the responsibilities of the Indian 
tribe as described in subsection (a) or para-
graph (1), as applicable, the Secretary or 
other head, as applicable, may impose appro-
priate remedies and sanctions in accordance 
with— 
‘‘(i) the regulations issued pursuant to sec-
tion 106; or 
‘‘(ii) such regulations as are issued by the 
other head. 
‘‘(C) STATUTORY VIOLATION WAIVERS.—If the 
Secretary waives the requirements under 
this section in accordance with subsection 
(d) with respect to a project for which an In-
dian tribe assumes additional responsibil-
ities under paragraph (1), the waiver shall 
prohibit any other Federal agency providing 
additional funding for the project from im-
posing remedies or sanctions for failure to 
comply with requirements for environmental 
review, decision making, and action under 
provisions of law that would apply to the 
Federal agency.’’. 
SEC. 11003. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS. 
Section 108 of the Native American Hous-
ing Assistance and Self-Determination Act 
of 1996 (25 U.S.C. 4117) is amended, in the first 
sentence, by striking ‘‘2009 through 2013’’ and 
inserting ‘‘2022 through 2029’’. 
SEC. 11004. STUDENT HOUSING ASSISTANCE. 
Section 202(3) of the Native American 
Housing Assistance and Self-Determination 
Act of 1996 (25 U.S.C. 4132(3)) is amended by 
inserting ‘‘including education-related sti-
pends, college housing assistance, and other 
education-related assistance for low-income 
college students,’’ after ‘‘self-sufficiency and 
other services,’’. 
SEC. 11005. APPLICATION OF RENT RULE ONLY 
TO UNITS OWNED OR OPERATED BY 
INDIAN TRIBE OR TRIBALLY DES-
IGNATED HOUSING ENTITY. 
Section 203(a)(2) of the Native American 
Housing Assistance and Self-Determination 
Act of 1996 (25 U.S.C. 4133(a)(2)) is amended 
by inserting ‘‘owned or operated by a recipi-
ent and’’ after ‘‘residing in a dwelling unit’’. 
SEC. 11006. PROGRAM REQUIREMENTS. 
Section 203(a) of the Native American 
Housing Assistance and Self-Determination 
Act of 1996 (25 U.S.C. 4133(a)) (as amended by 
section 11005) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘paragraph 
(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraphs (2) and (3)’’; 
(2) by redesignating paragraph (2) as para-
graph (3); 
(3) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(2) APPLICATION
OF
TRIBAL
POLICIES.— 
Paragraph (3) shall not apply if— 
‘‘(A) the recipient has a written policy gov-
erning 
rents 
and 
homebuyer 
payments 
charged for dwelling units; and 
‘‘(B) that policy includes a provision gov-
erning maximum rents or homebuyer pay-
ments, including tenant protections.’’; and 
(4) in paragraph (3) (as so redesignated), by 
striking ‘‘In the case of’’ and inserting ‘‘In 
the absence of a written policy governing 
rents and homebuyer payments, in the case 
of’’. 
SEC. 11007. DE MINIMIS EXEMPTION FOR PRO-
CUREMENT OF GOODS AND SERV-
ICES. 
Section 203(g) of the Native American 
Housing Assistance and Self-Determination 
Act of 1996 (25 U.S.C. 4133(g)) is amended by 
striking ‘‘$5,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$10,000’’. 
SEC. 11008. HOMEOWNERSHIP OR LEASE-TO-OWN 
LOW-INCOME 
REQUIREMENT 
AND 
INCOME TARGETING. 
Section 205 of the Native American Hous-
ing Assistance and Self-Determination Act 
of 1996 (25 U.S.C. 4135) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(1)— 
(A) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(E) notwithstanding any other provision 
of this paragraph, in the case of rental hous-
ing that is made available to a current rent-
al family for conversion to a homebuyer or a 
lease-purchase unit, that the current rental 
family can purchase through a contract of 
sale, lease-purchase agreement, or any other 
sales agreement, is made available for pur-
chase only by the current rental family, if 
the rental family was a low-income family at 
the time of their initial occupancy of such 
unit; and’’; and 
(2) in subsection (c)— 
(A) by striking ‘‘The provisions’’ and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—The provisions’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(2) APPLICABILITY TO IMPROVEMENTS.—The 
provisions of subsection (a)(2) regarding 
binding commitments for the remaining use-
ful life of property shall not apply to im-
provements of privately owned homes if the 
cost of the improvements do not exceed 10 
percent of the maximum total development 
cost for the home.’’. 
SEC. 11009. LEASE REQUIREMENTS AND TENANT 
SELECTION. 
Section 207 of the Native American Hous-
ing Assistance and Self-Determination Act 
of 1996 (25 U.S.C. 4137) is amended by adding 
at the end the following: 
‘‘(c) NOTICE
OF TERMINATION.—The notice 
period described in subsection (a)(3) shall 
apply to projects and programs funded in 
part by amounts authorized under this Act.’’. 
SEC. 11010. INDIAN HEALTH SERVICE. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Subtitle A of title II of 
the Native American Housing Assistance and 
Self-Determination Act of 1996 (25 U.S.C. 4131 
et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the 
following: 
‘‘SEC. 211. IHS SANITATION FACILITIES CON-
STRUCTION. 
‘‘Notwithstanding any other provision of 
law, the Director of the Indian Health Serv-
ice, or a recipient receiving funding for a 
housing construction or renovation project 
under this title, may use funding from the 
Indian Health Service for the construction of 
sanitation facilities under that project.’’. 
(b) CLERICAL
AMENDMENT.—The table of 
contents in section 1(b) of the Native Amer-
ican Housing Assistance and Self-Determina-
tion Act of 1996 (Public Law 104–330; 110 Stat. 
4016) is amended by inserting after the item 
relating to section 210 the following: 
‘‘Sec. 211. IHS sanitation facilities construc-
tion.’’. 
SEC. 11011. STATUTORY AUTHORITY TO SUSPEND 
GRANT FUNDS IN EMERGENCIES. 
Section 401(a)(4) of the Native American 
Housing Assistance and Self-Determination 
Act of 1996 (25 U.S.C. 4161(a)(4)) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘may 
take an action described in paragraph (1)(C)’’ 
and inserting ‘‘may immediately take an ac-
tion described in paragraph (1)(C)’’; and 
(2) by striking subparagraph (B) and insert-
ing the following: 
‘‘(B) PROCEDURAL REQUIREMENTS.— 
‘‘(i) IN GENERAL.—If the Secretary takes an 
action described in subparagraph (A), the 
Secretary shall provide notice to the recipi-
ent at the time that the Secretary takes 
that action. 
‘‘(ii) NOTICE
REQUIREMENTS.—The notice 
under clause (i) shall inform the recipient 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00211
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 222-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8754 
November 19, 2021 
that the recipient may request a hearing by 
not later than 30 days after the date on 
which the Secretary provides the notice. 
‘‘(iii) HEARING
REQUIREMENTS.—A hearing 
requested under clause (ii) shall be con-
ducted— 
‘‘(I) in accordance with subpart A of part 26 
of title 24, Code of Federal Regulations (or 
successor regulations); and 
‘‘(II) to the maximum extent practicable, 
on an expedited basis. 
‘‘(iv) FAILURE TO CONDUCT A HEARING.—If a 
hearing requested under clause (ii) is not 
completed by the date that is 180 days after 
the date on which the recipient requests the 
hearing, the action of the Secretary to limit 
the availability of payments shall no longer 
be effective.’’. 
SEC. 11012. REPORTS TO CONGRESS. 
Section 407 of the Native American Hous-
ing Assistance and Self-Determination Act 
of 1996 (25 U.S.C. 4167) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘Con-
gress’’ and inserting ‘‘Committee on Indian 
Affairs and the Committee on Banking, 
Housing and Urban Affairs of the Senate and 
the Committee on Financial Services of the 
House of Representatives’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(c) PUBLIC AVAILABILITY.—The report de-
scribed in subsection (a) shall be made pub-
licly available, including to recipients.’’. 
SEC. 11013. 99-YEAR LEASEHOLD INTEREST IN 
TRUST OR RESTRICTED LANDS FOR 
HOUSING PURPOSES. 
Section 702 of the Native American Hous-
ing Assistance and Self-Determination Act 
of 1996 (25 U.S.C. 4211) is amended— 
(1) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘50- 
YEAR’’ and inserting ‘‘99-YEAR’’; 
(2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘50 years’’ 
and inserting ‘‘99 years’’; and 
(3) in subsection (c)(2), by striking ‘‘50 
years’’ and inserting ‘‘99 years’’. 
SEC. 11014. AMENDMENTS FOR BLOCK GRANTS 
FOR AFFORDABLE HOUSING ACTIVI-
TIES. 
Section 802(e) of the Native American 
Housing Assistance and Self-Determination 
Act of 1996 (25 U.S.C. 4222(e)) is amended by— 
(1) by striking ‘‘The Director’’ and insert-
ing the following: 
‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—The Director’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(2) 
SUBAWARDS.—Notwithstanding 
any 
other provision of law, including provisions 
of State law requiring competitive procure-
ment, the Director may make subawards to 
subrecipients, except for for-profit entities, 
using amounts provided under this title to 
carry out affordable housing activities upon 
a determination by the Director that such 
subrecipients have adequate capacity to 
carry out activities in accordance with this 
Act.’’. 
SEC. 11015. REAUTHORIZATION OF NATIVE HA-
WAIIAN 
HOMEOWNERSHIP 
PROVI-
SIONS. 
Section 824 of the Native American Hous-
ing Assistance and Self-Determination Act 
of 1996 (25 U.S.C. 4243) is amended by striking 
‘‘such sums as may be necessary’’ and all 
that follows through the period at the end 
and inserting ‘‘such sums as may be nec-
essary for each of fiscal years 2022 through 
2029.’’. 
SEC. 11016. TOTAL DEVELOPMENT COST MAX-
IMUM PROJECT COST. 
Affordable housing (as defined in section 4 
of the Native American Housing Assistance 
and Self-Determination Act of 1996 (25 U.S.C. 
4103)) that is developed, acquired, or assisted 
under the block grant program established 
under section 101 of the Native American 
Housing Assistance and Self-Determination 
Act of 1996 (25 U.S.C. 4111) shall not exceed 
by more than 20 percent, without prior ap-
proval of the Secretary of Housing and 
Urban Development, the total development 
cost maximum cost for all housing assisted 
under an affordable housing activity, includ-
ing development and model activities. 
SEC. 11017. COMMUNITY-BASED DEVELOPMENT 
ORGANIZATIONS. 
Section 105 of the Housing and Community 
Development Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5305) is 
amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(i) INDIAN
TRIBES
AND
TRIBALLY
DES-
IGNATED HOUSING ENTITIES
AS COMMUNITY- 
BASED DEVELOPMENT ORGANIZATIONS.— 
‘‘(1) DEFINITION.—In this subsection, the 
term ‘tribally designated housing entity’ has 
the meaning given the term in section 4 of 
the Native American Housing Assistance and 
Self-Determination Act of 1996 (25 U.S.C. 
4103). 
‘‘(2) QUALIFICATION.—An Indian tribe, a 
tribally designated housing entity, or a trib-
al organization shall qualify as a commu-
nity-based development organization for pur-
poses of carrying out new housing construc-
tion under this subsection under a grant 
made under section 106(a)(1).’’. 
SEC. 11018. INDIAN TRIBE ELIGIBILITY FOR HUD 
HOUSING COUNSELING GRANTS. 
Section 106(a)(4) of the Housing and Urban 
Development 
Act 
of 
1968 
(12 
U.S.C. 
1701x(a)(4)) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A)— 
(A) by striking ‘‘and’’ and inserting a 
comma; and 
(B) by inserting before the period at the 
end the following: ‘‘, Indian tribes, and trib-
ally designated housing entities’’; 
(2) in subparagraph (B), by inserting ‘‘, In-
dian tribes, and tribally designated housing 
entities’’ after ‘‘organizations)’’; 
(3) by redesignating subparagraph (F) as 
subparagraph (G); and 
(4) by inserting after subparagraph (E) the 
following: 
‘‘(F) DEFINITIONS.—In this paragraph, the 
terms ‘Indian tribe’ and ‘tribally designated 
housing entity’ have the meanings given 
those terms in section 4 of the Native Amer-
ican Housing Assistance and Self-Determina-
tion Act of 1996 (25 U.S.C. 4103).’’. 
SEC. 11019. SECTION 184 INDIAN HOME LOAN 
GUARANTEE PROGRAM. 
(a) IN GENERAL.—Section 184(b)(4) of the 
Housing and Community Development Act of 
1992 (12 U.S.C. 1715z–13a(b)(4)) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) 
through (D) as clauses (i) through (iv), re-
spectively, and adjusting the margins ac-
cordingly; 
(2) by striking ‘‘The loan’’ and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—The loan’’; 
(3) in subparagraph (A), as so designated, 
by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(v) Any entity certified as a community 
development financial institution by the 
Community Development Financial Institu-
tions Fund established under section 104(a) 
of the Riegle Community Development and 
Regulatory Improvement Act of 1994 (12 
U.S.C. 4703(a)).’’; and 
(4) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(B) DIRECT GUARANTEE PROCESS.— 
‘‘(i) AUTHORIZATION.—The Secretary may 
authorize qualifying lenders to participate in 
a direct guarantee process for approving 
loans under this section. 
‘‘(ii) INDEMNIFICATION.— 
‘‘(I) IN GENERAL.—If the Secretary deter-
mines that a mortgage guaranteed through a 
direct guarantee process under this subpara-
graph was not originated in accordance with 
the requirements established by the Sec-
retary, the Secretary may require the lender 
approved under this subparagraph to indem-
nify the Secretary for the loss, irrespective 
of whether the violation caused the mort-
gage default. 
‘‘(II) FRAUD
OR
MISREPRESENTATION.—If 
fraud or misrepresentation is involved in a 
direct guarantee process under this subpara-
graph, the Secretary shall require the origi-
nal lender approved under this subparagraph 
to indemnify the Secretary for the loss re-
gardless of when an insurance claim is paid. 
‘‘(C) REVIEW OF MORTGAGEES.— 
‘‘(i) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary may peri-
odically review the mortgagees originating, 
underwriting, or servicing single family 
mortgage loans under this section. 
‘‘(ii) REQUIREMENTS.—In conducting a re-
view under clause (i), the Secretary— 
‘‘(I) shall compare the mortgagee with 
other 
mortgagees 
originating 
or 
under-
writing loan guarantees for Indian housing 
based on the rates of defaults and claims for 
guaranteed mortgage loans originated, un-
derwritten, or serviced by that mortgagee; 
‘‘(II) may compare the mortgagee with 
such other mortgagees based on under-
writing quality, geographic area served, or 
any commonly used factors the Secretary de-
termines necessary for comparing mortgage 
default risk, provided that the comparison is 
of factors that the Secretary would expect to 
affect the default risk of mortgage loans 
guaranteed by the Secretary; 
‘‘(iii) shall implement such comparisons by 
regulation, notice, or mortgagee letter; and 
‘‘(I) may terminate the approval of a mort-
gagee to originate, underwrite, or service 
loan guarantees for housing under this sec-
tion if the Secretary determines that the 
mortgage loans originated, underwritten, or 
serviced by the mortgagee present an unac-
ceptable risk to the Indian Housing Loan 
Guarantee 
Fund 
established 
under 
sub-
section (i)— 
‘‘(aa) based on a comparison of any of the 
factors set forth in this subparagraph; or 
‘‘(bb) by a determination that the mort-
gagee engaged in fraud or misrepresenta-
tion.’’. 
(b) LOAN GUARANTEES
FOR INDIAN HOUS-
ING.—Section 184(i)(5) of the Housing and 
Community Development Act of 1992 (12 
U.S.C. 1715z–13a(i)(5)) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (B), by inserting after 
the first sentence the following: ‘‘There are 
authorized to be appropriated for those costs 
such sums as may be necessary for each of 
fiscal years 2022 through 2029.’’; and 
(2) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘2008 
through 2012’’ and inserting ‘‘2022 through 
2029’’. 
SEC. 11020. LOAN GUARANTEES FOR NATIVE HA-
WAIIAN HOUSING. 
Section 184A of the Housing and Commu-
nity Development Act of 1992 (12 U.S.C. 
1715z–13b) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (c)(4)(B)— 
(A) by redesignating clause (iv) as clause 
(v); and 
(B) by inserting after clause (iii) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(iv) Any entity certified as a community 
development financial institution by the 
Community Development Financial Institu-
tions Fund established under section 104(a) 
of the Riegle Community Development and 
Regulatory Improvement Act of 1994 (12 
U.S.C. 4703(a)).’’; and 
(2) in subsection (j)(5)(B), by inserting after 
the first sentence the following: ‘‘There are 
authorized to be appropriated for those costs 
such sums as may be necessary for each of 
fiscal years 2022 through 2029.’’. 
SEC. 11021. DRUG ELIMINATION PROGRAM. 
(a) DEFINITIONS.—In this section: 
(1) 
CONTROLLED
SUBSTANCE.—The 
term 
‘‘controlled substance’’ has the meaning 
given the term in section 102 of the Con-
trolled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 802). 
(2) DRUG-RELATED CRIME.—The term ‘‘drug- 
related crime’’ means the illegal manufac-
ture, sale, distribution, use, or possession 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00212
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 223-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8755 
November 19, 2021 
with intent to manufacture, sell, distribute, 
or use a controlled substance. 
(3) RECIPIENT.—The term ‘‘recipient’’— 
(A) has the meaning given the term in sec-
tion 4 of the Native American Housing As-
sistance and Self-Determination Act of 1996 
(25 U.S.C. 4103); and 
(B) includes a recipient of funds under title 
VIII of that Act (25 U.S.C. 4221 et seq.). 
(4) 
SECRETARY.—The 
term 
‘‘Secretary’’ 
means the Secretary of Housing and Urban 
Development. 
(b) ESTABLISHMENT.—The Secretary may 
make grants under this section to recipients 
of assistance under the Native American 
Housing Assistance and Self-Determination 
Act of 1996 (25 U.S.C. 4101 et seq.) for use in 
eliminating drug-related and violent crime. 
(c) ELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES.—Grants under this 
section may be used for— 
(1) the employment of security personnel; 
(2) reimbursement of State, local, Tribal, 
or Bureau of Indian Affairs law enforcement 
agencies for additional security and protec-
tive services; 
(3) physical improvements which are spe-
cifically designed to enhance security; 
(4) the employment of 1 or more individ-
uals— 
(A) to investigate drug-related or violent 
crime in and around the real property com-
prising housing assisted under the Native 
American Housing Assistance and Self-De-
termination Act of 1996 (25 U.S.C. 4101 et 
seq.); and 
(B) to provide evidence relating to such 
crime in any administrative or judicial pro-
ceeding; 
(5) the provision of training, communica-
tions equipment, and other related equip-
ment for use by voluntary tenant patrols 
acting in cooperation with law enforcement 
officials; 
(6) programs designed to reduce use of 
drugs in and around housing communities 
funded under the Native American Housing 
Assistance and Self-Determination Act of 
1996 (25 U.S.C. 4101 et seq.), including drug- 
abuse prevention, intervention, referral, and 
treatment programs; 
(7) providing funding to nonprofit resident 
management corporations and resident coun-
cils to develop security and drug abuse pre-
vention programs involving site residents; 
(8) sports programs and sports activities 
that serve primarily youths from housing 
communities funded through and are oper-
ated in conjunction with, or in furtherance 
of, an organized program or plan designed to 
reduce or eliminate drugs and drug-related 
problems in and around those communities; 
and 
(9) other programs for youth in school set-
tings that address drug prevention and posi-
tive alternatives for youth, including edu-
cation and activities related to science, tech-
nology, engineering, and math. 
(d) APPLICATIONS.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—To receive a grant under 
this subsection, an eligible applicant shall 
submit an application to the Secretary, at 
such time, in such manner, and accompanied 
by— 
(A) a plan for addressing the problem of 
drug-related or violent crime in and around 
of the housing administered or owned by the 
applicant for which the application is being 
submitted; and 
(B) such additional information as the Sec-
retary may reasonably require. 
(2) CRITERIA.—The Secretary shall approve 
applications submitted under paragraph (1) 
on the basis of thresholds or criteria such 
as— 
(A) the extent of the drug-related or vio-
lent crime problem in and around the hous-
ing or projects proposed for assistance; 
(B) the quality of the plan to address the 
crime problem in the housing or projects 
proposed for assistance, including the extent 
to which the plan includes initiatives that 
can be sustained over a period of several 
years; 
(C) the capability of the applicant to carry 
out the plan; and 
(D) the extent to which tenants, the Tribal 
government, and the Tribal community sup-
port and participate in the design and imple-
mentation of the activities proposed to be 
funded under the application. 
(e) HIGH
INTENSITY
DRUG
TRAFFICKING 
AREAS.—In evaluating the extent of the 
drug-related crime problem pursuant to sub-
section (d)(2), the Secretary may consider 
whether housing or projects proposed for as-
sistance are located in a high intensity drug 
trafficking area designated pursuant to sec-
tion 707(b) of the Office of National Drug 
Control Policy Reauthorization Act of 1998 
(21 U.S.C. 1706(b)). 
(f) REPORTS.— 
(1) GRANTEE REPORTS.—The Secretary shall 
require grantees under this section to pro-
vide periodic reports that include the obliga-
tion and expenditure of grant funds, the 
progress made by the grantee in imple-
menting the plan described in subsection 
(d)(1)(A), and any change in the incidence of 
drug-related crime in projects assisted under 
section. 
(2) HUD REPORTS.—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the 
Secretary shall submit to Congress a report 
describing the system used to distribute 
funding to grantees under this section, which 
shall include descriptions of— 
(A) the methodology used to distribute 
amounts made available under this section; 
and 
(B) actions taken by the Secretary to en-
sure that amounts made available under sec-
tion are not used to fund baseline local gov-
ernment services, as described in subsection 
(h)(2). 
(g) NOTICE OF FUNDING AWARDS.—The Sec-
retary shall publish on the website of the De-
partment a notice of all grant awards made 
pursuant to section, which shall identify the 
grantees and the amount of the grants. 
(h) MONITORING.— 
(1) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary shall audit 
and monitor the program funded under this 
subsection to ensure that assistance pro-
vided under this subsection is administered 
in accordance with the provisions of section. 
(2) PROHIBITION OF FUNDING BASELINE SERV-
ICES.— 
(A) IN GENERAL.—Amounts provided under 
this section may not be used to reimburse or 
support any local law enforcement agency or 
unit of general local government for the pro-
vision of services that are included in the 
baseline of services required to be provided 
by any such entity pursuant to a local coop-
erative agreement pursuant under the Indian 
Self-Determination and Education Assist-
ance Act (25 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.) or any provi-
sion of an annual contributions contract for 
payments in lieu of taxation with the Bureau 
of Indian Affairs. 
(B) DESCRIPTION.—Each grantee under this 
section shall describe, in the report under 
subsection (f)(1), such baseline of services for 
the unit of Tribal government in which the 
jurisdiction of the grantee is located. 
(3) ENFORCEMENT.—The Secretary shall 
provide for the effective enforcement of this 
section, as specified in the program require-
ments published in a notice by the Sec-
retary, which may include— 
(A) the use of on-site monitoring, inde-
pendent public audit requirements, certifi-
cation by Tribal or Federal law enforcement 
or Tribal government officials regarding the 
performance of baseline services referred to 
in paragraph (2); 
(B) entering into agreements with the At-
torney General to achieve compliance, and 
verification of compliance, with the provi-
sions of this section; and 
(C) adopting enforcement authority that is 
substantially similar to the authority pro-
vided to the Secretary under the Native 
American Housing Assistance and Self-De-
termination Act of 1996 (25 U.S.C. 4101 et 
seq.) 
(i) AUTHORIZATION
OF
APPROPRIATIONS.— 
There are authorized to be appropriated such 
sums as may be necessary for each fiscal 
years 2022 through 2029 to carry out this sec-
tion. 
SEC. 11022. RENTAL ASSISTANCE FOR HOMELESS 
OR AT-RISK INDIAN VETERANS. 
Section 8(o)(19) of the United States Hous-
ing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437f(o)(19)) is 
amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(E) INDIAN VETERANS HOUSING RENTAL AS-
SISTANCE PROGRAM.— 
‘‘(i) DEFINITIONS.—In this subparagraph: 
‘‘(I) ELIGIBLE
INDIAN
VETERAN.—The term 
‘eligible Indian veteran’ means an Indian 
veteran who is— 
‘‘(aa) homeless or at risk of homelessness; 
and 
‘‘(bb) living— 
‘‘(AA) on or near a reservation; or 
‘‘(BB) in or near any other Indian area. 
‘‘(II) ELIGIBLE RECIPIENT.—The term ‘eligi-
ble recipient’ means a recipient eligible to 
receive a grant under section 101 of the Na-
tive American Housing Assistance and Self- 
Determination Act of 1996 (25 U.S.C. 4111). 
‘‘(III) INDIAN; INDIAN AREA.—The terms ‘In-
dian’ and ‘Indian area’ have the meanings 
given those terms in section 4 of the Native 
American Housing Assistance and Self-De-
termination Act of 1996 (25 U.S.C. 4103). 
‘‘(IV) INDIAN
VETERAN.—The term ‘Indian 
veteran’ means an Indian who is a veteran. 
‘‘(V) 
PROGRAM.—The 
term 
‘Program’ 
means the Tribal HUD–VASH program car-
ried out under clause (ii). 
‘‘(VI) 
TRIBAL
ORGANIZATION.—The 
term 
‘tribal organization’ has the meaning given 
the term in section 4 of the Indian Self-De-
termination and Education Assistance Act 
(25 U.S.C. 5304). 
‘‘(ii) PROGRAM
SPECIFICATIONS.—The Sec-
retary shall use not less than 5 percent of the 
amounts made available for rental assist-
ance under this paragraph to carry out a 
rental assistance and supported housing pro-
gram, to be known as the ‘Tribal HUD–VASH 
program’, in conjunction with the Secretary 
of Veterans Affairs, by awarding grants for 
the benefit of eligible Indian veterans. 
‘‘(iii) MODEL.— 
‘‘(I) IN
GENERAL.—Except as provided in 
subclause (II), the Secretary shall model the 
Program on the rental assistance and sup-
ported housing program authorized under 
subparagraph (A) and applicable appropria-
tions Acts, including administration in con-
junction with the Secretary of Veterans Af-
fairs. 
‘‘(II) EXCEPTIONS.— 
‘‘(aa) SECRETARY OF HOUSING AND URBAN DE-
VELOPMENT.—After consultation with Indian 
tribes, eligible recipients, and any other ap-
propriate tribal organizations, the Secretary 
may make necessary and appropriate modi-
fications to facilitate the use of the Program 
by eligible recipients to serve eligible Indian 
veterans. 
‘‘(bb) SECRETARY OF VETERANS AFFAIRS.— 
After consultation with Indian tribes, eligi-
ble recipients, and any other appropriate 
tribal organizations, the Secretary of Vet-
erans Affairs may make necessary and ap-
propriate modifications to facilitate the use 
of the Program by eligible recipients to 
serve eligible Indian veterans. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00213
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 224-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8756 
November 19, 2021 
‘‘(iv) ELIGIBLE RECIPIENTS.—The Secretary 
shall make amounts for rental assistance 
and associated administrative costs under 
the Program available in the form of grants 
to eligible recipients. 
‘‘(v) FUNDING
CRITERIA.—The Secretary 
shall award grants under the Program based 
on— 
‘‘(I) need; 
‘‘(II) administrative capacity; and 
‘‘(III) any other funding criteria estab-
lished by the Secretary in a notice published 
in the Federal Register after consulting with 
the Secretary of Veterans Affairs. 
‘‘(vi) 
ADMINISTRATION.—Grants 
awarded 
under the Program shall be administered in 
accordance with the Native American Hous-
ing Assistance and Self-Determination Act 
of 1996 (25 U.S.C. 4101 et seq.), except that re-
cipients shall— 
‘‘(I) submit to the Secretary, in a manner 
prescribed by the Secretary, reports on the 
utilization of rental assistance provided 
under the Program; and 
‘‘(II) provide to the Secretary information 
specified by the Secretary to assess the ef-
fectiveness of the Program in serving eligi-
ble Indian veterans. 
‘‘(vii) CONSULTATION.— 
‘‘(I) GRANT
RECIPIENTS; TRIBAL
ORGANIZA-
TIONS.—The Secretary, in coordination with 
the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, shall con-
sult with eligible recipients and any other 
appropriate tribal organization on the design 
of the Program to ensure the effective deliv-
ery of rental assistance and supportive serv-
ices to eligible Indian veterans under the 
Program. 
‘‘(II) INDIAN HEALTH SERVICE.—The Director 
of the Indian Health Service shall provide 
any assistance requested by the Secretary or 
the Secretary of Veterans Affairs in carrying 
out the Program. 
‘‘(viii) WAIVER.— 
‘‘(I) IN
GENERAL.—Except as provided in 
subclause (II), the Secretary may waive or 
specify alternative requirements for any pro-
vision of law (including regulations) that the 
Secretary administers in connection with 
the use of rental assistance made available 
under the Program if the Secretary finds 
that the waiver or alternative requirement is 
necessary for the effective delivery and ad-
ministration of rental assistance under the 
Program to eligible Indian veterans. 
‘‘(II) EXCEPTION.—The Secretary may not 
waive or specify alternative requirements 
under subclause (I) for any provision of law 
(including regulations) relating to labor 
standards or the environment. 
‘‘(ix) RENEWAL
GRANTS.—The Secretary 
may— 
‘‘(I) set aside, from amounts made avail-
able for tenant-based rental assistance under 
this subsection and without regard to the 
amounts used for new grants under clause 
(ii), such amounts as may be necessary to 
award renewal grants to eligible recipients 
that received a grant under the Program in 
a previous year; and 
‘‘(II) specify criteria that an eligible recipi-
ent must satisfy to receive a renewal grant 
under subclause (I), including providing data 
on how the eligible recipient used the 
amounts of any grant previously received 
under the Program. 
‘‘(x) REPORTING.— 
‘‘(I) IN
GENERAL.—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of enactment of this subpara-
graph, and every 5 years thereafter, the Sec-
retary, in coordination with the Secretary of 
Veterans Affairs and the Director of the In-
dian Health Service, shall— 
‘‘(aa) conduct a review of the implementa-
tion of the Program, including any factors 
that may have limited its success; and 
‘‘(bb) submit a report describing the re-
sults of the review under item (aa) to— 
‘‘(AA) the Committee on Indian Affairs, 
the Committee on Banking, Housing, and 
Urban Affairs, the Committee on Veterans’ 
Affairs, and the Committee on Appropria-
tions of the Senate; and 
‘‘(BB) the Subcommittee on Indian, Insular 
and Alaska Native Affairs of the Committee 
on Natural Resources, the Committee on Fi-
nancial Services, the Committee on Vet-
erans’ Affairs, and the Committee on Appro-
priations of the House of Representatives. 
‘‘(II) ANALYSIS
OF
HOUSING
STOCK
LIMITA-
TION.—The Secretary shall include in the ini-
tial report submitted under subclause (I) a 
description of— 
‘‘(aa) any regulations governing the use of 
formula current assisted stock (as defined in 
section 1000.314 of title 24, Code of Federal 
Regulations (or any successor regulation)) 
within the Program; 
‘‘(bb) the number of recipients of grants 
under the Program that have reported the 
regulations described in item (aa) as a bar-
rier to implementation of the Program; and 
‘‘(cc) proposed alternative legislation or 
regulations developed by the Secretary in 
consultation with recipients of grants under 
the Program to allow the use of formula cur-
rent assisted stock within the Program.’’. 
SEC. 11023. LEVERAGING. 
All funds provided under a grant made pur-
suant to this division or the amendments 
made by this division may be used for pur-
poses of meeting matching or cost participa-
tion requirements under any other Federal 
or non-Federal program, provided that such 
grants made pursuant to the Native Amer-
ican Housing Assistance and Self-Determina-
tion Act of 1996 (25 U.S.C. 4101 et seq.) are 
spent in accordance with that Act. 
AMENDMENT NO. 4775 TO AMENDMENT NO. 3867 
Mr. REED. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent to call up amend-
ment No. 4775 and I ask that it be re-
ported by number. 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
The clerk will report the amendment 
by number. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
The Senator from Rhode Island [Mr. REED] 
proposes an amendment numbered 4775 to 
amendment No. 3867. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To modify effective dates relating 
to the Assistant Secretary of the Air Force 
for Space Acquisition and Integration and 
the Service Acquisition Executive of the 
Department of the Air Force for Space 
System and Programs) 
Strike section 1508 and insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. 1508. MODIFICATIONS TO EFFECTIVE DATES 
RELATING TO THE ASSISTANT SEC-
RETARY OF THE AIR FORCE FOR 
SPACE ACQUISITION AND INTEGRA-
TION AND THE SERVICE ACQUISI-
TION EXECUTIVE OF THE DEPART-
MENT 
OF 
THE 
AIR 
FORCE 
FOR 
SPACE SYSTEMS AND PROGRAMS. 
(a) MODIFICATION
TO EFFECTIVE DATE
OF 
TRANSFER
OF
ACQUISITION
PROJECTS
FOR 
SPACE
SYSTEMS
AND
PROGRAMS.—Section 
956(b)(3) of the National Defense Authoriza-
tion Act for Fiscal Year 2020 (Public Law 
116–92; 133 Stat. 1566; 10 U.S.C. 9016 note), as 
amended by section 1507(c), is further amend-
ed— 
(1) by striking ‘‘Effective’’ and inserting 
‘‘Not later than’’; and 
(2) by striking ‘‘as of September 30, 2022’’ 
and inserting ‘‘at the time of such transfer’’. 
(b) MODIFICATIONS TO EFFECTIVE DATES FOR 
SERVICE ACQUISITION EXECUTIVE OF THE DE-
PARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE FOR SPACE SYS-
TEMS AND PROGRAMS.— 
(1) IN
GENERAL.—Section 957 of the Na-
tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal 
Year 2020 (10 U.S.C. 9016 note) is amended— 
(A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘Effec-
tive’’ and inserting ‘‘Not later than’’; and 
(B) in subsection (b)— 
(i) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Effective 
as of’’ and inserting ‘‘Not later than’’; and 
(ii) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘as of Oc-
tober 1, 2022’’ and inserting ‘‘as described in 
paragraph (1)’’. 
(2) 
CONFORMING
AMENDMENT.—Section 
9016(b)(6)(vi) of title 10, United States Code, 
as amended by section 1505(b), is further 
amended by striking ‘‘Effective as of’’ and 
inserting ‘‘Not later than’’. 
(3) 
TECHNICAL
CORRECTION.—Section 
957(b)(1) of the National Defense Authoriza-
tion Act for Fiscal Year 2020 (10 U.S.C. 9016 
note) 
is 
amended 
by 
striking ‘‘section 
1832(b)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 956(b)’’. 
Mr. REED. I suggest the absence of a 
quorum. 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. The clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. REED. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for 
the quorum call be rescinded. 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
f 
RECESS SUBJECT TO THE CALL OF 
THE CHAIR 
Mr. REED. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate 
stand in recess subject to the call of 
the Chair. 
There being no objection, the Senate, 
at 10:09 a.m., recessed subject to the 
call of the Chair and reassembled at 
11:25 a.m. when called to order by the 
Presiding Officer (Mr. HICKENLOOPER). 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-
TION 
ACT 
FOR 
FISCAL 
YEAR 
2022—Continued 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Kansas. 
H.R. 4350 
Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. President, this 
week’s fantasy consideration of the 
NDAA was a gut punch to our service-
members and one of the weakest dis-
plays we have seen during the Senate 
Democrats’ time in the majority. 
Let’s not forget there are 25 Senate 
Members serving on the Senate Armed 
Services Committee under the skillful 
leadership 
of 
Senators 
REED
and 
INHOFE. They cleared their version of 
the NDAA in July of this year—July of 
this year, months ago—but the major-
ity leader dragged his feet all the way 
up until late—late—last night, bring-
ing the NDAA to the floor at the third 
latest point in the year ever. 
Considering China’s military rise and 
the foreign policy disasters this White 
House has created, one would think de-
livering a paycheck to our servicemem-
bers and providing funding to increase 
our military’s lethality would be top of 
mind. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00214
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.008
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 225-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8757 
November 19, 2021 
Instead, the majority leader remains 
focused on reckless taxing, reckless 
spending, and reckless borrowing that 
is pushing Americans further into debt, 
driving up inflation, putting our Na-
tion at a disadvantage, and helping 
China. 
While he pointed his finger at Repub-
licans who simply wanted the oppor-
tunity for additional amendments on 
important subjects, the majority lead-
er is to blame for the fact that the 
other 75 Senators will not get to offer 
floor amendments and have an oppor-
tunity to help shape our military pol-
icy this year. But, regardless, the 
blame rests squarely on the shoulders 
of the majority leader. 
The inclusion of a manager’s amend-
ment is standard operating procedure. 
It is actually the starting point and 
should not be where this process is 
stopped. Not allowing floor amend-
ments breaks years of precedent. 
What is also standard operating pro-
cedure is that the NDAA is a bill that 
is considered on the floor for multiple 
days and possibly multiple weeks, not 
one night. In fact, last year, the Senate 
debated the NDAA for nearly 3 weeks— 
3 weeks—starting in June. 
This body should be able to vote on a 
myriad of amendments, such as ours, 
which would prevent dishonorable dis-
charges for military men and women 
who are forced to separate from the 
military because of the COVID vaccine 
mandate. 
Now, as a physician, I support the 
vaccine, but I also believe in the sanc-
tity of the patient-physician relation-
ship. And I support those who are de-
fending our freedoms and have care-
fully weighed their decision with their 
doctor, their loved ones, their spouses, 
perhaps their chaplain, and decided 
this vaccine isn’t right for them. 
Once upon a time, I was that army 
doctor. And if a strapping, well-fit, 20- 
year-old Army Ranger or a 19-year-old 
Navy SEAL or a 22-year-old Air Force 
pilot walked into my office and said, 
‘‘Doc, tell me about this vaccine,’’ I 
would have to say, ‘‘Well, there are cer-
tainly benefits to the vaccine, cer-
tainly benefits to it, but the risk of 
having a career-ending complication 
from this vaccine—like heart inflam-
mation, heart swelling—is greater than 
the chances of you being hospitalized 
from the virus.’’ 
Now, that is not true for my parents. 
That is not true for senior citizens. 
That is not true for obese people. But a 
fit, young military person in the prime 
of their life has a greater chance of 
having a career-ending complication 
from the vaccine than they do of being 
hospitalized from the virus. 
And by the way, as I am sitting there 
talking to this pilot, to this Navy 
SEAL, to this Army Ranger, I would 
say: If you have that complication, you 
are going to be out of action for at 
least 6 months—at least 6 months—and 
chances are you will be grounded the 
rest of your life. You are going to have 
a checkmark in your medical history. I 
don’t think you’ll probably ever be able 
to fly a plane again. You are never 
going to be a special ops person again. 
You have to be the fittest of the fit. 
And once you have a heart swelling, 
do you think that I am going to be able 
to clear you for the needs of your job? 
Your career as a pilot or a special OPs 
personnel is over. 
That is right. Your lifelong dream— 
the career you have worked your whole 
life for—is over. 
And we are going to give this mili-
tary personnel a dishonorable dis-
charge over this? That is un-American. 
It is not what Americans believe is 
right. 
Unfortunately, 
the 
sledgehammer 
policy out of the White House says that 
one size has to fit all, and there are no 
exceptions to its mandate. This is the 
biggest sledgehammer I have ever seen. 
They refuse to consider natural immu-
nity, even though we know natural im-
munity to COVID is the same as, if not 
more powerful than the vaccine. 
As a result, President Biden wants to 
slap a dishonorable discharge on our 
unvaccinated heroes who put their 
lives on the line each day to defend our 
freedoms and our American way of life. 
A dishonorable discharge is excessive 
and beyond harsh. They are disquali-
fied from most jobs. They lose access 
to the GI bill. They lose VA home loans 
and medical benefits. They lose mili-
tary funeral honors. 
A dishonorable discharge treats those 
defending our freedoms as felons. Our 
American heroes deserve better. It is 
important to point out that this 
amendment, the amendment that we 
hoped to have offered last night, hoped 
to have votes on the Senate floor, 
passed the House Armed Services Com-
mittee—unanimously passed the House 
Armed Services Committee—and was 
included in their final bill, which 
passed with 316 votes, including 181 
Democrats. 
That is right. This same amendment 
passed unanimously out of the House 
Armed Services Committee, and 181 
Democrats on the House side supported 
this amendment in their NDAA. Over 
here in the Senate, though, don’t let 
the majority leader fool you; this 
NDAA process was a closed one as a re-
sult of his inability to bring the bill to 
the Senate floor in a timely manner in 
order to provide sufficient opportunity 
for Member input. 
I urge the majority leader to change 
course and allow a robust NDAA 
amendment process that includes a 
vote on our amendment when the Sen-
ate returns after Thanksgiving. 
I yield the floor. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The 
PRESIDING 
OFFICER 
(Mr. 
REED). The clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. REED. Mr. President, I ask unan-
imous consent that the order for the 
quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. VAN 
HOLLEN). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
CLOTURE MOTION 
Mr. REED. Mr. President, I send a 
cloture motion to the substitute to the 
desk. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. 
The cloture motion having been pre-
sented under rule XXII, the Chair di-
rects the clerk to read the motion. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION 
We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-
ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the 
Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby 
move to bring to a close debate on Reed- 
Inhofe substitute amendment No. 3867, as 
modified, to Calendar No. 144, H.R. 4350, a 
bill to authorize appropriations for fiscal 
year 2022 for military activities of the De-
partment of Defense, for military construc-
tion, and for defense activities of the Depart-
ment of Energy, to prescribe military per-
sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for 
other purposes. 
Charles E. Schumer, Jack Reed, Cath-
erine 
Cortez 
Masto, 
Benjamin 
L. 
Cardin, Robert P. Casey, Jr., Jeanne 
Shaheen, Tim Kaine, Angus S. King, 
Jr., Kyrsten Sinema, Christopher Mur-
phy, Maria Cantwell, Mark Kelly, 
Brian Schatz, Patrick J. Leahy, Mazie 
K. Hirono, Debbie Stabenow, Mark R. 
Warner. 
CLOTURE MOTION 
Mr. REED. Mr. President, I send a 
cloture motion to H.R. 4350 to the desk. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. 
The cloture motion having been pre-
sented under rule XXII, the Chair di-
rects the clerk to read the motion. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION 
We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-
ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the 
Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby 
move to bring to a close debate on Calendar 
No. 144, H.R. 4350, a bill to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2022 for military ac-
tivities of the Department of Defense, for 
military construction, and for defense activi-
ties of the Department of Energy, to pre-
scribe military personnel strengths for such 
fiscal year, and for other purposes, as amend-
ed. 
Charles E. Schumer, Jack Reed, Cath-
erine 
Cortez 
Masto, 
Benjamin 
L. 
Cardin, Robert P. Casey, Jr., Jeanne 
Shaheen, Tim Kaine, Angus S. King, 
Jr., Kyrsten Sinema, Christopher Mur-
phy, Maria Cantwell, Mark Kelly, 
Brian Schatz, Patrick J. Leahy, Mazie 
K. Hirono, Debbie Stabenow, Mark R. 
Warner. 
Mr. REED. Mr. President, I ask unan-
imous consent that the mandatory 
quorum calls for the cloture motions 
filed today, November 19, be waived. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR 
Mr. REED. Mr. President, I ask unan-
imous consent that the Senate proceed 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00215
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\G19NO6.004
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE
---

 -Page 226-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8758 
November 19, 2021 
to executive session to consider the fol-
lowing nominations en bloc: Calendar 
Nos. 521, 492, 493, 494, 537, 538, 553, 554, 
and all nominations on the Secretary’s 
Desk in the Coast Guard and the For-
eign Service; that the Senate vote on 
the nominations en bloc, without inter-
vening action or debate; that the mo-
tions to reconsider be considered made 
and laid upon the table with no inter-
vening action or debate; that any 
statements related to the nominations 
be printed in the RECORD; that the 
President be immediately notified of 
the Senate’s action; and that the Sen-
ate resume legislative session. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. 
The question is, Will the Senate ad-
vise and consent to the nominations en 
bloc of Jonathan Eric Kaplan, of Cali-
fornia, to be Ambassador Extraor-
dinary and Plenipotentiary of the 
United States of America to the Repub-
lic of Singapore; Michael F. Easley, 
Jr., of North Carolina, to be United 
States Attorney for the Eastern Dis-
trict of North Carolina for the term of 
four years; Sandra J. Hairston, of 
North Carolina, to be United States At-
torney for the Middle District of North 
Carolina for the term of four years; 
Dena J. King, of North Carolina, to be 
United States Attorney for the West-
ern District of North Carolina for the 
term of four years; Cole Finegan, of 
Colorado, to be United States Attorney 
for the District of Colorado for the 
term of four years; Kenneth L. Parker, 
of Ohio, to be United States Attorney 
for the Southern District of Ohio for 
the term of four years; Cindy K. Chung, 
of Pennsylvania, to be United States 
Attorney for the Western District of 
Pennsylvania for the term of four 
years; Gary M. Restaino, of Arizona, to 
be United States Attorney for the Dis-
trict of Arizona for the term of four 
years; PN1350 COAST GUARD nomina-
tions (3) beginning MONIQUE M. ROE-
BUCK, 
and 
ending 
RUSSELL 
D. 
MAYER, which nominations were re-
ceived by the Senate and appeared in 
the CONGRESSIONAL RECORD of Novem-
ber 1, 2021; PN480–1 FOREIGN SERV-
ICE nominations (31) beginning Chris-
topher Alexander, and ending Mark 
Russell, which nominations were re-
ceived by the Senate and appeared in 
the CONGRESSIONAL RECORD of April 27, 
2021; and PN725 FOREIGN SERVICE 
nominations (3) beginning Jim Nelson 
Barnhart, Jr., and ending Teresa L. 
McGhie, which nominations were re-
ceived by the Senate and appeared in 
the CONGRESSIONAL RECORD of June 22, 
2021. 
The nominations were confirmed en 
bloc. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ate will now resume legislative session. 
MORNING BUSINESS 
VOTE EXPLANATION 
Mr. HAWLEY. Mr. President, had 
there been a recorded vote, I would 
have voted no on the nomination of Ex-
ecutive 
Calendar 
No. 
332, 
Lee 
Satterfield, of South Carolina, to be an 
Assistant Secretary of State (Edu-
cational and Cultural Affairs). 
Mr. President, had there been a re-
corded vote, I would have voted no on 
the motion to proceed to Calendar No. 
144, H.R. 4350, the National Defense Au-
thorization Act. 
f 
UNITED NATIONS CLIMATE 
CHANGE CONFERENCE 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I would 
like to reflect on my trip to Glasgow, 
Scotland, for COP26, the 2021 United 
Nations Climate Change Conference. I 
was fortunate to have 18 Senate col-
leagues join me to bolster President 
Biden’s agenda and the United States’ 
leadership role on the world stage. 
Six years ago, I had the privilege of 
leading a congressional delegation to 
COP21, 
which 
produced 
the 
Paris 
Agreement in 2015. Countries from all 
across the globe collectively agreed 
that the threats and effects of climate 
change were too damaging to ignore. 
Unfortunately, the previous adminis-
tration’s fraught decision to withdraw 
the United States from the Paris 
Agreement jeopardized our credibility. 
The global effort suffered another 
setback last year, when the UN Cli-
mate Change Conference was postponed 
due to the COVID–19 pandemic and it 
was not safe to gather. These major 
setbacks were costly, but this time, we 
went to Glasgow resolved to make up 
for lost time. One of President Biden’s 
first actions when he took the oath of 
office was to rejoin the Paris Agree-
ment. Since then, President Biden has 
brought the United States back to the 
negotiating table and made unprece-
dented commitments and investments 
to tackle the climate crisis. 
The overarching goal of this year’s 
UN climate conference was to rally 
countries toward action that would re-
duce emissions enough to keep the goal 
to limit global temperature rise to 1.5 
degrees Celsius within reach. 
Without a doubt, Glasgow raised am-
bition. Ninety percent of the world’s 
GDP now has net zero commitments, 
and 154 countries put forward new cli-
mate action plans to cut emissions. 
The Glasgow Climate Pact established 
a clear consensus that all nations need 
to do much more, immediately, to pre-
vent a catastrophic rise in global tem-
peratures. 
In April, President Biden announced 
our Nationally Determined Commit-
ment—NDC—will target reducing emis-
sions by 50–52 percent by 2030, com-
pared to 2005 level, consistent with 
achieving net zero greenhouse gas 
emissions by no later than 2050. The 
combined impact of the Senate’s Infra-
structure Investment and Jobs Act 
that President Biden signed into law 
on Monday and the Build Back Better 
Act framework announced last month 
will put U.S. emissions on a path to 
meeting the new target. The target is 
consistent with President Biden’s goal 
of achieving net zero greenhouse gas 
emissions by no later than 2050 and of 
limiting global warming to 1.5 degrees 
Celsius. Time is not slowing down. Ac-
cording to NOAA, last month was the 
fourth warmest October in 142 years of 
recorded measurements. 
Scientists have sounded the alarm 
that, if we fail to act a catastrophic 
rise in global temperatures will result, 
and some of the changes in the climate 
will be irreversible. Recognizing the 
urgency, the Glasgow Decision asks 
world leaders to submit stronger NDCs 
to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by 
the end of next year, instead of in 2025. 
It would be the first time nations offer 
new emissions pledges 2 years in a row, 
in 2021 and 2022. Although there were 
qualifiers, the express mention of fossil 
fuels in the text of the Glasgow Deci-
sion is notable since prior negotiations 
have referred to warming and emis-
sions rather than the source of that 
pollution, most of which comes from 
coal, oil, and gas. 
COP26 marks a significant step for-
ward in our global resolve, and the 
commitment to reduce private sector 
global carbon emissions by significant 
amounts is especially noteworthy. But 
there is more work to do. As Special 
Presidential Envoy for Climate John 
Kerry remarked in his closing press 
conference, a gap remains. Even if we 
implement all our renewed commit-
ments, we are now on track for some-
where between 1.8 and 2.4 degrees of 
warming. I do not take this as a sign of 
failure; however, the COP26 outcome 
was never the goal, nor is it the end. If 
anything, COP26 marks the end of the 
beginning in which we now know that 
the Paris Agreement is durable and, in 
fact, provides a reliable framework and 
set of processes for the world to center 
its cooperative efforts. 
The story of Glasgow isn’t just about 
the 
National 
Determined 
Commit-
ments—NDCs. There was also greater 
attention paid to adaptation. The Ad-
aptation Fund received $356 million in 
new support from contributing na-
tional and regional governments, in-
cluding our first ever U.S. contribution 
of $50 million. Pledges nearly tripled 
the fund’s 2021 resource mobilization 
goal of $120 million for climate change 
adaptation and resilience projects and 
programs in developing countries. 
Ahead of the dialogue, President 
Biden announced the launch of the 
President’s Emergency Plan for Adap-
tation and Resilience—PREPARE—a 
whole-of-government 
initiative 
that 
will serve as the cornerstone of the 
Federal Government response to the 
increasing impacts of the global cli-
mate crisis on vulnerable communities 
worldwide. Resources are a pillar of the 
plan, which calls for $3 billion in adap-
tation finance annually by fiscal year 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00216
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\G19NO6.010
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE
---

 -Page 227-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8759 
November 19, 2021 
2024, the largest U.S. commitment ever 
made to build capacity in developing 
countries to adapt to and manage the 
impacts of climate change by 2030. 
Congress must meet the moment and 
deliver robust appropriations for adap-
tation finance. As one of the wealthiest 
and most developed countries, we have 
a moral obligation to act. We cannot 
back away from our promises, as act-
ing on climate is a matter of life or 
death. 
COP26 succeeded in renewing devel-
oped countries’ climate finance com-
mitments 
and 
helped 
catalyze 
in-
creased private sector climate finance 
commitments at levels never seen be-
fore. Climate finance refers to the 
local, national, or transnational fi-
nancing that supports mitigation and 
adaptation actions to address climate 
change. In 2009, parties with more re-
sources 
collectively 
committed 
to 
unlock $100 billion per year from public 
and private sources between 2020 and 
2025 to support those that are less 
resourced and more vulnerable cut 
their emissions and adapt to climate 
impacts. A report by Germany and 
Canada commissioned by the U.K., the 
host of this year’s COP, found that de-
veloped countries are not set to meet 
the climate finance target until 2023— 
3 years late. 
In April, President Biden said the 
U.S. would double its contribution to 
$5.7 billion, and in his first speech to 
the United Nations as President, he 
pledged in September to ‘‘double that 
number again,’’ bringing the Nation’s 
commitment to $11.4 billion per year 
by 2024. Consistent, strong support for 
the U.S. contribution to the Green Cli-
mate Fund—GCF—is indispensable in 
financing global endeavors to achieve 
the goals of the Paris Agreement. U.S. 
contributions to the GCF and other 
multilateral and bilateral partnerships 
have the potential to mobilize addi-
tional public and private sector funds, 
highly leveraging the impact of our in-
vestments. 
As Congress works to pass trans-
formative legislation for a clean do-
mestic economy, COP26 provided a 
chance for the United States and our 
global partners to reevaluate and nego-
tiate new objectives, strategies, and 
commitments to tackle climate change 
through various lenses. 
Each day of the climate conference 
explored a new theme. Our delegation 
had the opportunity to attend the en-
tirety of ‘‘Nature Day.’’ Agriculture, 
forestry, and other land use account 
for nearly one-quarter of global green-
house gas emissions. They also support 
global food security and millions of 
jobs. At the same time, ecosystems 
protect us; healthy forests absorb emis-
sions, and wetlands defend our coast-
lines against storm surges. On Novem-
ber 6, 26 nations committed to sustain-
able farming policies, such as reducing 
low carbon practices that would in 
turn scale back emissions and prevent 
unnecessary pollution. 
At home, the Build Back Better Act 
will provide major financial support to 
farmers and ranchers who adopt ‘‘cli-
mate smart agriculture and forestry’’ 
practices that reduce greenhouse gas 
emissions and sequester additional car-
bon stocks in soils and vegetation. The 
delegation met with a range of foreign 
officials and civil society leaders, re-
ceived a briefing from Secretary John 
Kerry, conducted a side event at the 
U.S. Center on Congress’ climate agen-
da—in which nine Senators partici-
pated—and held a press conference at 
the COP site to share our views with 
the public. 
That same day, U.S. Agency for 
International 
Development—USAID— 
Administrator Samantha Power and 
the Rockefeller Foundation signed a 
memorandum of understanding form-
ing the basis of a strategic partnership 
between USAID, Power Africa, and the 
newly launched Global Energy Alliance 
for People and Planet. 
Senator COONS and I were honored to 
give remarks during the official sign-
ing ceremony in the Sustainable Devel-
opment 
Goal 
7—SDG7—Pavilion 
as 
original sponsors of the Electrify Afri-
ca Act of 2015. The partnerships will 
advance the goals of ending energy 
poverty in Africa, combating climate 
change, and strengthening the enabling 
environment for clean energy. 
Alongside the events marking Nature 
Day, our trip marked the end of Week 
One of COP26, with negotiations gath-
ering pace and work focusing on Week 
Two. After our delegation departed, the 
parties completed the Rulebook, after 6 
years of discussions. These guidelines 
to implement the Paris Agreement 
rules include transparency rules to re-
port on emissions and measure our col-
lective progress toward achievement of 
NDCs. 
After more than 5 years and with the 
processes mostly in place, the global 
community is clearly committed to 
tackling the climate crisis. We must 
now enter the next phase with a 
laserlike focus on implementation of 
the agreement wherein we meet our 
commitments through urgent and am-
bitious action. 
I wish to applaud my colleagues for 
joining the delegation to Glasgow and 
beyond and thank Senate Democratic 
leadership for recognizing and sup-
porting our work abroad. COP26 put us 
on a clear path with discrete steps to 
achieve our 2030 goals and set a much 
closer course to achieving a clean econ-
omy with net zero emissions by mid- 
century. I urge the U.S. Senate to turn 
the ambition achieved at COP26 into 
action in this decisive decade. 
f 
REMEMBERING DAVE FRISHBERG 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, Oregon 
is mourning a Portland treasure, Dave 
Frishberg, who passed away on Novem-
ber 17. 
While perhaps best known for writing 
the song ‘‘I’m Just a Bill’’ for the 
iconic Schoolhouse Rock television se-
ries, Dave was also a virtuoso pianist 
with a songwriting gift that reached 
far beyond his work for that classic se-
ries. During his career, Dave worked 
with a wide array of talented musi-
cians, including Rosemary Clooney, 
Gene Krupa, and Zoot Sims. A versatile 
composer, 
his 
compositions 
ranged 
from melancholy ballads to satirical 
ditties, and his wry wit was well known 
as one of the sharpest in the business. 
Dave has left an indelible mark not 
only on Capitol Hill, where one fre-
quently sees references to ‘‘I’m Just A 
Bill’’ on floor charts and in press re-
leases, but also in the minds of genera-
tions 
of 
young 
Americans 
lucky 
enough to grow up watching School-
house Rock with the lyrics still etched 
in their memories decades later. 
David Lee Frishberg was born on 
March 23, 1933, in Saint Paul, MN. He 
took an early interest in jazz, bebop, 
and boogie woogie as a teen, while 
playing as a house musician in Saint 
Paul. Noting in his memoir, ‘‘Jazz mu-
sicians were hip, they were funny, they 
were sensitive, they were clannish, and 
they 
seemed 
to 
have 
the 
best 
girlfriends.’’ In 1957, Dave moved to 
New York City, where he established 
himself as a pianist in the vibrant 
music scene of Greenwich Village. 
While in New York, he wrote and per-
formed other well-known songs such as 
‘‘My Attorney Bernie’’ and ‘‘Peel Me a 
Grape.’’ He moved to Los Angeles in 
1971, where he earned acclaim in the 
jazz and comedy scenes through his 
work with Schoolhouse Rock and his 
‘‘Dave Frishberg Songbook’’ series. An 
unassuming 
vocalist 
with 
a 
reedy 
voice, Frishberg was nominated four 
times during his career for Grammy 
awards, all for Best Jazz Vocals. 
Dave, who called Portland his home 
for the past 35 years and is survived by 
his wife April Magnusson and two sons 
from a previous marriage, inspired mil-
lions 
of 
schoolchildren 
and 
music 
lovers across Oregon and the entire 
country. He will be greatly missed, 
even as his legacy lives on for genera-
tions to come. 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT 
Messages from the President of the 
United States were communicated to 
the Senate by Mr. Swann, one of his 
secretaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED 
As in executive session the Presiding 
Officer laid before the Senate messages 
from the President of the United 
States submitting sundry nominations 
which were referred to the appropriate 
committees. 
(The messages received today are 
printed at the end of the Senate pro-
ceedings.) 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE 
At 10:02 a.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by 
Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-
nounced that the House has passed the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00217
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.007
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 228-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8760 
November 19, 2021 
following bills, in which it requests the 
concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 3730. An act to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to establish in the Department 
of Veterans Affairs an Advisory Committee 
on United States Outlying Areas and Freely 
Associated States, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 5574. An act to require the TSA to de-
velop a plan to ensure that TSA material 
disseminated in major airports can be better 
understood by more people accessing such 
airports, and for other purposes. 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED 
The message further announced that 
the Speaker has signed the following 
enrolled bills: 
S. 796. An act to codify maternity care co-
ordination programs at the Department of 
Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes. 
S. 894. An act to identify and refer mem-
bers of the Armed Forces with a health care 
occupation who are separating from the 
Armed Forces for potential employment 
with the Department of Veterans Affairs, 
and for other purposes. 
S. 1031. An act to require the Comptroller 
General of the United States to conduct a 
study on disparities associated with race and 
ethnicity with respect to certain benefits ad-
ministered by the Secretary of Veterans Af-
fairs, and for other purposes. 
S. 1095. An act to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to provide for the disapproval 
by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs of 
courses of education offered by public insti-
tutions of higher learning that do not charge 
veterans the in-State tuition rate for pur-
poses of Survivors’ and Dependents’ Edu-
cational Assistance Program, and for other 
purposes. 
H.R. 5142. An act to award posthumously a 
Congressional Gold Medal, in commemora-
tion to the servicemembers who perished in 
Afghanistan on August 26, 2021, during the 
evacuation of citizens of the United States 
and Afghan allies at Hamid Karzai Inter-
national Airport, and for other purposes. 
The enrolled bills were subsequently 
signed by the President pro tempore 
(Mr. LEAHY). 
f 
MEASURES REFERRED 
The following bills were read the first 
and the second times by unanimous 
consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 3730. An act to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to establish in the Department 
of Veterans Affairs an Advisory Committee 
on United States Outlying Areas and Freely 
Associated States, and for other purposes; to 
the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
H.R. 5574. An act to require the TSA to de-
velop a plan to ensure that TSA material 
disseminated in major airports can be better 
understood by more people accessing such 
airports, and for other purposes; to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-
tation. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first 
and second times by unanimous con-
sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mrs. BLACKBURN (for herself and 
Mr. WICKER): 
S. 3268. A bill to authorize the Secretary of 
Transportation to issue a request for pro-
posals for a private-sector entity to develop 
an operating model for an interoperable gray 
chassis pool at the rail ramps around Mem-
phis; to the Committee on Commerce, 
Science, and Transportation. 
By Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself and 
Mr. SULLIVAN): 
S. 3269. A bill to provide for the recogni-
tion of certain Alaska Native communities 
and the settlement of certain claims under 
the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act, 
and for other purposes; to the Committee on 
Energy and Natural Resources. 
f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND 
SENATE RESOLUTIONS 
The following concurrent resolutions 
and Senate resolutions were read, and 
referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. PADILLA (for himself and Ms. 
SMITH): 
S. Res. 459. A resolution expressing support 
for the designation of the week beginning on 
November 8, 2021, as ‘‘National School Psy-
chology Week’’; to the Committee on Health, 
Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 1725 
At the request of Mr. ROUNDS, the 
name of the Senator from North Caro-
lina (Mr. TILLIS) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1725, a bill to grant a Fed-
eral charter to the National American 
Indian Veterans, Incorporated. 
S. 1813 
At the request of Mr. COONS, the 
name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. 
MERKLEY) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 1813, a bill to direct the Secretary of 
Health and Human Services to support 
research on, and expanded access to, 
investigational drugs for amyotrophic 
lateral sclerosis, and for other pur-
poses. 
S. 3229 
At the request of Mrs. FISCHER, the 
name of the Senator from New Mexico 
(Mr. HEINRICH) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 3229, a bill to amend the Agri-
cultural Marketing Act of 1946 to es-
tablish a cattle contract library, and 
for other purposes. 
S. RES. 455 
At the request of Ms. ROSEN, the 
name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. 
MARSHALL) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. Res. 455, a resolution designating 
November 2021 as ‘‘National Hospice 
and Palliative Care Month’’. 
AMENDMENT NO. 4422 
At the request of Mr. ROUNDS, the 
name of the Senator from North Caro-
lina (Mr. TILLIS) was added as a co-
sponsor of amendment No. 4422 in-
tended to be proposed to H.R. 4350, to 
authorize appropriations for fiscal year 
2022 for military activities of the De-
partment of Defense, for military con-
struction, and for defense activities of 
the Department of Energy, to prescribe 
military personnel strengths for such 
fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO. 4799 
At the request of Mr. PETERS, the 
name of the Senator from Missouri 
(Mr. BLUNT) was added as a cosponsor 
of amendment No. 4799 intended to be 
proposed to H.R. 4350, to authorize ap-
propriations for fiscal year 2022 for 
military activities of the Department 
of Defense, for military construction, 
and for defense activities of the De-
partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-
tary personnel strengths for such fiscal 
year, and for other purposes. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE 
RESOLUTION 
459—EX-
PRESSING 
SUPPORT 
FOR 
THE 
DESIGNATION OF THE WEEK BE-
GINNING ON NOVEMBER 8, 2021, 
AS 
‘‘NATIONAL 
SCHOOL 
PSY-
CHOLOGY WEEK’’ 
Mr. PADILLA (for himself and Ms. 
SMITH) submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Health, Education, Labor, 
and Pensions: 
S. RES. 459 
Whereas all children and youth learn best 
when they are healthy, supported, and re-
ceive an education that meets their indi-
vidual needs; 
Whereas schools can more effectively en-
sure that all students are ready and able to 
learn if schools meet all the needs of each 
student; 
Whereas learning and development are di-
rectly linked to the mental health of chil-
dren, and a supportive learning environment 
is an optimal place to promote mental 
health; 
Whereas sound psychological principles are 
critical to proper instruction and learning, 
social and emotional development, preven-
tion and early intervention, and support for 
a culturally diverse student population; 
Whereas school psychologists are specially 
trained to deliver mental health services and 
academic support that lower barriers to 
learning and allow teachers to teach more ef-
fectively; 
Whereas school psychologists facilitate 
collaboration that helps parents and edu-
cators to identify and reduce risk factors, 
promote 
protective 
factors, 
create 
safe 
schools, and access community resources; 
Whereas school psychologists are trained 
to assess barriers to learning, utilize data- 
based decisionmaking, implement research- 
driven prevention and intervention strate-
gies, evaluate outcomes, and improve ac-
countability; 
Whereas State educational agencies and 
other State entities credential more than 
35,000 school psychologists who practice in 
schools in the United States as key profes-
sionals that promote the learning and men-
tal health of all children; 
Whereas 
the 
National 
Association 
of 
School Psychologists establishes and main-
tains high standards for training, practice, 
and school psychologist credentialing, in col-
laboration with organizations such as the 
American Psychological Association, that 
promote effective and ethical services by 
school psychologists to children, families, 
and schools; 
Whereas 
the 
National 
Association 
of 
School Psychologists has a Model for Com-
prehensive and Integrated School Psycho-
logical Services that promotes standards for 
the consistent delivery of school psycho-
logical services to all students in need; 
Whereas the people of the United States 
should recognize the vital role school psy-
chologists play in the personal and academic 
development of the Nation’s children; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00218
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 0634
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.011
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE
---

 -Page 229-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE
S8761 
November 19, 2021 
Whereas the week beginning on November 
8, 2021, would be an appropriate week to des-
ignate as National School Psychology Week: 
Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) supports the designation of National 
School Psychology Week; 
(2) honors and recognizes the contributions 
of school psychologists to the success of stu-
dents in schools across the United States; 
and 
(3) encourages the people of the United 
States to observe the week with appropriate 
ceremonies and activities that promote 
awareness of the vital role school psycholo-
gists play in schools, in the community, and 
in helping students develop into successful 
and productive members of society. 
Mr. PADILLA, Mr. President, I rise 
to speak in support of the National 
School Psychology Week, which I in-
troduced today. 
Children and youth learn best when 
they are healthy and supported, phys-
ically and mentally. Learning and de-
velopment are linked to the mental 
health of children, and a supportive 
learning environment is an optimal 
place to also promote mental health, 
social and emotional development, and 
prevention and early intervention. 
Our school psychologists are able to 
deliver mental health services that 
lower barriers to learning, identify and 
reduce risk factors for mental illness, 
and create safer school environments 
for our children. 
I am proud to recognize the vital role 
school psychologists play in the per-
sonal and academic development of our 
children by designating the week be-
ginning on November 8, 2021 as ‘‘Na-
tional School Psychology Week.’’ 
School psychologists and other men-
tal health professionals play a critical 
role in helping students develop into 
successful and productive members of 
society. They can empower children to 
grow their social skills, empathy, and 
compassion for others, as well as prob-
lem solving, goal setting, and study 
skills. 
Since the COVID–19 pandemic began, 
the student mental health crisis has 
only 
intensified 
and 
further 
high-
lighted the need for comprehensive 
mental and behavioral health supports 
and social-emotional learning. School 
psychologists can provide important 
mental health services, including coun-
seling, suicide risk assessment and 
intervention, 
behavior 
management, 
and threat assessment and interven-
tions. We need to create safe, healthy, 
and supportive learning environments 
that strengthen connections between 
home, school, and the community 
I want to thank Representatives 
FITZPATRICK, PANETTA, KATKO, and CHU 
for introducing this bill with me, and I 
hope our colleagues will join us in sup-
port of this resolution. 
f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND 
PROPOSED 
SA 4834. Mr. LANKFORD submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to 
amendment 
SA 
3904 
submitted 
by 
Mr. 
WARNOCK (for himself, Mrs. BLACKBURN, and 
Mr. MORAN) and intended to be proposed to 
the amendment SA 3867 proposed by Mr. 
REED to the bill H.R. 4350, to authorize ap-
propriations for fiscal year 2022 for military 
activities of the Department of Defense, for 
military construction, and for defense activi-
ties of the Department of Energy, to pre-
scribe military personnel strengths for such 
fiscal year, and for other purposes; which 
was ordered to lie on the table. 
f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS 
SA 4834. Mr. LANKFORD submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed 
to amendment SA 3904 submitted by 
Mr. WARNOCK (for himself, Mrs. BLACK-
BURN, and Mr. MORAN) and intended to 
be proposed to the amendment SA 3867 
proposed by Mr. REED to the bill H.R. 
4350, to authorize appropriations for 
fiscal year 2022 for military activities 
of the Department of Defense, for mili-
tary construction, and for defense ac-
tivities of the Department of Energy, 
to 
prescribe 
military 
personnel 
strengths for such fiscal year, and for 
other purposes; which was ordered to 
lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 2, between lines 23 and 24, insert 
the following: 
(F) Potential benefits increased telework 
and remote work by Federal agencies may 
provide for military spouses, including— 
(i) ways Federal agencies could expand 
telework and remote work positions; 
(ii) ways Federal agencies could improve 
recruitment with regard to military spouses; 
(iii) the potential value that would result 
from increasing telework and remote work 
opportunities; and 
(iv) potential cost savings that may result 
from increased telework and remote work by 
Federal agencies. 
f 
ORDERS FOR TUESDAY, NOVEM-
BER 23, 2021; FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 
26, 2021; AND MONDAY, NOVEM-
BER 29, 2021 
Mr. REED. Mr. President, I ask unan-
imous consent that when the Senate 
completes its business today, it ad-
journ to then convene for pro forma 
sessions only, with no business being 
conducted on the following dates and 
times, and that following each pro 
forma session, the Senate adjourn until 
the next pro forma session: Tuesday, 
November 23, at 8:15 a.m. and Friday, 
November 26, at 10 a.m. I further ask 
that when the Senate adjourns on Fri-
day, November 26, it next convene at 3 
p.m., Monday, November 29; that fol-
lowing the prayer and pledge, the 
morning hour be deemed expired, the 
Journal of proceedings be approved to 
date, the time for the two leaders be 
reserved for their use later in the day, 
and morning business be closed; that 
upon the conclusion of morning busi-
ness, the Senate resume consideration 
of H.R. 4350, the National Defense Au-
thorization Act; further, that the clo-
ture motions filed during today’s ses-
sion ripen at 5:30 p.m. on Monday, No-
vember 29; finally, that the filing dead-
line for first-degree amendments to 
substitute amendment No. 3867, as 
modified, and the underlying bill, H.R. 
4350, be at 3:30 p.m. on Monday, Novem-
ber 29. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL TUESDAY, 
NOVEMBER 23, 2021, AT 8:15 A.M. 
Mr. REED. Mr. President, if there is 
no further business to come before the 
Senate, I ask unanimous consent that 
it stand adjourned under the previous 
order. 
There being no objection, the Senate, 
at 12:20 p.m., adjourned until Tuesday, 
November 23, 2021, at 8:15 a.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS 
Executive nominations received by 
the Senate: 
UNITED STATES POSTAL SERVICE 
DEREK KAN, OF CALIFORNIA, TO BE A GOVERNOR OF 
THE UNITED STATES POSTAL SERVICE FOR A TERM EX-
PIRING DECEMBER 8, 2028, VICE JOHN MCLEOD BARGER, 
TERM EXPIRING. 
DANIEL MARK TANGHERLINI, OF THE DISTRICT OF CO-
LUMBIA, TO BE A GOVERNOR OF THE UNITED STATES 
POSTAL SERVICE FOR A TERM EXPIRING DECEMBER 8, 
2027, VICE RON A. BLOOM, TERM EXPIRED. 
DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS 
KURT D. DELBENE, OF WASHINGTON, TO BE AN ASSIST-
ANT SECRETARY OF VETERANS AFFAIRS (INFORMATION 
AND TECHNOLOGY), VICE JAMES PAUL GFRERER. 
f 
CONFIRMATIONS 
Executive nominations confirmed by 
the Senate November 19, 2021: 
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE 
MICHAEL F. EASLEY, JR., OF NORTH CAROLINA, TO BE 
UNITED STATES ATTORNEY FOR THE EASTERN DISTRICT 
OF NORTH CAROLINA FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS. 
SANDRA J. HAIRSTON, OF NORTH CAROLINA, TO BE 
UNITED STATES ATTORNEY FOR THE MIDDLE DISTRICT 
OF NORTH CAROLINA FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS. 
DENA J. KING, OF NORTH CAROLINA, TO BE UNITED 
STATES ATTORNEY FOR THE WESTERN DISTRICT OF 
NORTH CAROLINA FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS. 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE 
JONATHAN ERIC KAPLAN, OF CALIFORNIA, TO BE AM-
BASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF 
THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF 
SINGAPORE. 
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE 
COLE FINEGAN, OF COLORADO, TO BE UNITED STATES 
ATTORNEY FOR THE DISTRICT OF COLORADO FOR THE 
TERM OF FOUR YEARS. 
KENNETH L. PARKER, OF OHIO, TO BE UNITED STATES 
ATTORNEY FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF OHIO FOR 
THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS. 
CINDY K. CHUNG, OF PENNSYLVANIA, TO BE UNITED 
STATES ATTORNEY FOR THE WESTERN DISTRICT OF 
PENNSYLVANIA FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS. 
GARY M. RESTAINO, OF ARIZONA, TO BE UNITED 
STATES ATTORNEY FOR THE DISTRICT OF ARIZONA FOR 
THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS. 
IN THE COAST GUARD 
COAST 
GUARD 
NOMINATIONS 
BEGINNING 
WITH 
MONIQUE M. ROEBUCK AND ENDING WITH RUSSELL D. 
MAYER, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE 
SENATE 
AND 
APPEARED 
IN 
THE 
CONGRESSIONAL 
RECORD ON NOVEMBER 1, 2021. 
FOREIGN SERVICE 
FOREIGN SERVICE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH 
CHRISTOPHER ALEXANDER AND ENDING WITH MARK 
RUSSELL, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE 
SENATE 
AND 
APPEARED 
IN 
THE 
CONGRESSIONAL 
RECORD ON APRIL 27, 2021. 
FOREIGN SERVICE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JIM 
NELSON BARNHART, JR. AND ENDING WITH TERESA L. 
MCGHIE, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE 
SENATE 
AND 
APPEARED 
IN 
THE 
CONGRESSIONAL 
RECORD ON JUNE 22, 2021. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
03:06 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00219
Fmt 0624
Sfmt 9801
E:\CR\FM\A19NO6.014
S19NOPT1
SSpencer on DSK126QN23PROD with SENATE

 -Page 230-
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E1259 
November 19, 2021 
TRIBUTE TO JIM PAULY 
HON. KEN CALVERT 
OF CALIFORNIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, November 19, 2021 
Mr. CALVERT. Madam Speaker, I rise today 
to honor and recognize Jim Pauly, who is 
stepping down from the Corona Rotary this 
month after 55 years of dedicated service. Jim 
has been a true leader in my hometown of 
Corona, California for decades, and residents 
throughout the community deeply appreciate 
his many contributions. 
Jim has been a Corona resident since his 
parents moved to the then-small town in 1937 
while he was in elementary school. While at-
tending Corona High School, Jim answered 
our nation’s call to serve in the United States 
Navy during World War II. He was just 17 
when he enlisted and would miss his own high 
school graduation due to his service. Fol-
lowing his time in the Navy, Jim returned to 
Corona and shortly thereafter married his wife, 
Katherine. He also launched what would be-
come a nearly 50-year career in the Corona 
retail business by working at Emerson’s Men’s 
Clothes. Years later, he would become a part-
ner in the successful store, which would be re-
named Emerson-Pauly Menswear. 
While working and raising a family, Jim al-
ways found time to be an active member of 
the Corona community. Jim joined the Corona 
Chamber of Commerce in 1948 and served as 
‘‘Chairman of the Retail Division.’’ He was also 
a member of the 20–30 Club, the Downtown 
Corona Redevelopment Project, and the Co-
rona Parking Authority. Jim was also ap-
pointed the Corona-Norco Unified School Dis-
trict Board of Trustees in 1966. It has been my 
pleasure to join Jim as a longtime member of 
the Corona Rotary Club and give back to the 
city we love. 
There’s no question our region is a better 
place to live, work, and do business because 
of Jim’s passionate efforts. On behalf of our 
community, I would like to express my heart-
felt appreciation and wish Jim much happiness 
in his future endeavors. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE INVESTITURE 
OF DR. KRISTINA M. JOHNSON 
AS THE OHIO STATE UNIVER-
SITY’S 16TH PRESIDENT 
HON. JOYCE BEATTY 
OF OHIO 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, November 19, 2021 
Mrs. BEATTY. Madam Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize and celebrate the investiture of 
Dr. Kristina M. Johnson as the 16th president 
of The Ohio State University. As a former ad-
ministrator and longtime member of the uni-
versity community, I know her investiture is a 
significant milestone in the life of this land- 
grant university and world-class institution of 
higher learning. 
Each of The Ohio State University’s 16 
presidents have left a lasting mark during the 
151-year history of the institution. Since taking 
over as President on August 24, 2020, Presi-
dent Johnson has added an immediate impact 
as an inclusive leader and advanced the uni-
versity’s mission to uplift lives through aca-
demic and research excellence. 
With Dr. Johnson’s more than 30 years of 
experience and leadership in the academic, 
business, and public policy sectors, the future 
of Ohio State is indeed bright. Before joining 
Ohio State, she served as Chancellor of the 
State University of New York (SUNY) since 
2017. Prior to that, she founded several suc-
cessful science and technology companies, 
served as undersecretary of energy at the 
U.S. Department of Energy, and held aca-
demic leadership positions at prestigious insti-
tutions, including Johns Hopkins University, 
Duke University, and the University of Colo-
rado at Boulder. 
Dr. Johnson’s investiture is very much a 
homecoming, as she has close family ties to 
Ohio State and the state of Ohio. Her grand-
father graduated from Ohio State in 1896 and 
played on one of the early football teams. 
Family lore has it that Dr. Johnson’s grand-
father met her grandmother on the Columbus 
campus. 
In academic circles, the installation of a new 
president is a ceremony of dignity with many 
protocols and traditions. An academic proces-
sion takes place that includes delegates from 
other colleges and universities, trustees, and 
university faculty and leadership. It is an honor 
to recognize and celebrate this momentous 
occasion for the university, which is so near 
and dear to my heart, and the heart of the 
central Ohio community. 
I wish Dr. Johnson, her spouse Veronica 
Meinhard, and the entire Buckeye Community 
well as they embark on this journey together. 
Go Bucks. 
f 
INTRODUCING THE WILDLIFE CON-
SERVATION 
AND 
ANTI-TRAF-
FICKING ACT OF 2021 
HON. JOHN GARAMENDI 
OF CALIFORNIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, November 19, 2021 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Madam Speaker, today I 
reintroduce the Wildlife Conservation and Anti- 
Trafficking Act with Congressman DON YOUNG 
(R–AK), the Dean of House. I wish to thank 
Congressman YOUNG for his support as my 
co-lead on this bill, the bipartisan group of 85 
other Members who cosponsored this bill in 
the 116th Congress, and our former colleague 
Congresswoman Madeleine Bordallo (D–GU) 
for sponsoring this legislation in the 115th 
Congress. 
Transnational organized crime can take 
many forms, including poaching, wildlife traf-
ficking, and illegal, unreported, and unregu-
lated (IUU) fishing. These activities often go 
hand-in-hand with even more heinous crimes 
like human trafficking and forced labor, and 
weapons and drug trafficking. Our bill would 
recognize this reality and allow serious wildlife 
trafficking violations to qualify as predicate of-
fenses under federal racketeering and anti-or-
ganized crime laws (RICO and Travel Acts). 
To help bring down these global wildlife traf-
ficking rings, our bill provides monetary incen-
tives for whistleblowers who provide action-
able intelligence on these crimes, as well au-
thorizes the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service to 
station law enforcement officials and agents, 
embedded in American embassies and con-
sulates, in countries designated as high-inten-
sity wildlife trafficking areas. The funding for 
these rewards and law enforcement activities 
would be provided at no cost to taxpayers and 
instead come out of the penalties, fines, for-
feitures, and restitution paid to the U.S. gov-
ernment. The rest of the money from these 
penalties and forfeitures would be redirected 
back into wildlife conservation efforts. These 
changes will allow the United States to provide 
dedicated funding to stamp out wildlife traf-
ficking in the areas where it most prevalent. 
Madam Speaker, our fishermen deserve to 
compete 
in 
a 
fair 
seafood 
market, 
uncompromised by fraudulent seafood har-
vested with slave labor. Our wildlife conserva-
tion efforts deserve a dedicated funding 
source at cost to U.S. taxpayers. Our law en-
forcement officers deserve the fiscal support 
and access to every available tool to fight 
against transnational criminal organizations. 
This bill introduced today would accomplish all 
of those goals, and I want to thank my bipar-
tisan group of cosponsors again for their sup-
port on this important legislation. I urge all 
Members to join us in cosponsoring the Wild-
life Conservation and Anti-Trafficking Act. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE UPPER EAST 
SIDE ICE CREAM SHOP’S 4TH AN-
NIVERSARY 
HON. CAROLYN B. MALONEY 
OF NEW YORK 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Friday, November 19, 2021 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. 
Madam Speaker, I rise in celebration of the 
Upper East Side Ice Cream Shop’s 4th anni-
versary of operation in my District. 
At the entrance, you will find yourself frozen 
with intrigue at the pink exterior of the shop, 
enticing customers in from a scorching sum-
mer day. Once you enter, you will be greeted 
by the sweet smells of waffle cones, the soft 
hum of freezers preserving their precious 
creamy contents, and of course the modern 
decor that characterizes many of New York’s 
most famous establishments. 
The Upper East Side Ice Cream Shop is 
also home to a special hidden treasure—a 
small speakeasy in the back of the shop. 
Where the front of the store is modern-day in 
its design and decor, the back is a tasteful 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:39 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00001
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A19NO8.001
E19NOPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 231-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks
E1260 
November 19, 2021 
mishmash of 20th century style and dining 
booths. It truly has everything for all ages and 
all tastes. 
The Upper East Side Ice Cream Shop rep-
resents perhaps one of the most enduring and 
important characteristics of New York City: 
that even the smallest players can play a big 
role in an even bigger city. The COVID–19 
pandemic has frozen out many businesses in 
New York City, with many neighborhood favor-
ites still slowly thawing thanks to President 
Joe Biden’s American Rescue Plan. 
I am pleased that the Upper East Side Ice 
Cream Shop is one of the small businesses 
that survived the COVID–19 pandemic and 
continues to thrive even as the weather turns 
cold. 
I wish them all the best and I look forward 
to visiting them at their establishment for many 
more years to come. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
02:39 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00002
Fmt 0626
Sfmt 9920
E:\CR\FM\A19NO8.004
E19NOPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with REMARKS

 -Page 232-
D1295 
Friday, November 19, 2021 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S8543–S8761 
Measures Introduced: Two bills and one resolution 
were introduced, as follows: S. 3268–3269, and S. 
Res. 459.                                                                        Page S8760 
Measures Considered: 
National Defense Authorization Act—Agree-
ment: Senate began consideration of H.R. 4350, to 
authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2022 for mili-
tary activities of the Department of Defense, for 
military construction, and for defense activities of 
the Department of Energy, to prescribe military per-
sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, after agreeing to 
the motion to proceed, and taking action on the fol-
lowing amendments proposed thereto: 
                                                          Pages S8543–S8756, S8756–57 
Pending: 
Reed/Inhofe Modified Amendment No. 3867, in 
the nature of a substitute.                       Pages S8543–S8756 
Reed Amendment No. 4775 (to Amendment No. 
3867), to modify effective dates relating to the As-
sistant Secretary of the Air Force for Space Acquisi-
tion and Integration and the Service Acquisition Ex-
ecutive of the Department of the Air Force for Space 
Systems and Programs.                                            Page S8756 
A motion was entered to close further debate on 
Reed/Inhofe Modified Amendment No. 3867 (listed 
above), and, in accordance with the provisions of 
Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, and 
pursuant to the unanimous-consent agreement of Fri-
day, November 19, 2021, a vote on cloture will 
occur at 5:30 p.m., on Monday, November 29, 
2021.                                                                                Page S8757 
A motion was entered to close further debate on 
the bill, and, in accordance with the provisions of 
Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a 
vote on cloture will occur upon disposition of Reed/ 
Inhofe Modified Amendment No. 3867.       Page S8757 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-
viding that at approximately 3 p.m., on Monday, 
November 29, 2021, Senate resume consideration of 
the bill; that the motions to invoke cloture filed 
during the session of Friday, November 19, 2021, 
ripen at 5:30 p.m., on Monday, November 29, 2021; 
and that the filing deadline for first-degree amend-
ments to Reed/Inhofe Modified Amendment No. 
3867, and to the bill, be at 3:30 p.m., on Monday, 
November 29, 2021.                                                Page S8761 
Pro Forma Sessions—Agreement: A unanimous- 
consent agreement was reached providing that the 
Senate adjourn, to then convene for pro forma ses-
sions only, with no business being conducted on the 
following dates and times, and that following each 
pro forma session, the Senate adjourn until the next 
pro forma session: Tuesday, November 23, 2021, at 
8:15 a.m.; Friday, November 26, 2021, at 10 a.m.; 
and that when the Senate adjourns on Friday, No-
vember 26, 2021, it next convene on Monday, No-
vember 29, 2021, at 3 p.m.                                 Page S8761 
Nominations Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-
lowing nominations: 
Jonathan Eric Kaplan, of California, to be Ambas-
sador to the Republic of Singapore. 
Michael F. Easley, Jr., of North Carolina, to be 
United States Attorney for the Eastern District of 
North Carolina for the term of four years. 
Cole Finegan, of Colorado, to be United States 
Attorney for the District of Colorado for the term of 
four years. 
Sandra J. Hairston, of North Carolina, to be 
United States Attorney for the Middle District of 
North Carolina for the term of four years. 
Dena J. King, of North Carolina, to be United 
States Attorney for the Western District of North 
Carolina for the term of four years. 
Kenneth L. Parker, of Ohio, to be United States 
Attorney for the Southern District of Ohio for the 
term of four years. 
Cindy K. Chung, of Pennsylvania, to be United 
States Attorney for the Western District of Pennsyl-
vania for the term of four years. 
Gary M. Restaino, of Arizona, to be United States 
Attorney for the District of Arizona for the term of 
four years. 
Routine lists in the Coast Guard, and Foreign 
Service.                                                                             Page S8758 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-
lowing nominations: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:10 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00001
Fmt 0627
Sfmt 0627
E:\CR\FM\D19NO1.REC
D19NOPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with DIGEST

 -Page 233-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
D1296 
November 19, 2021 
Derek Kan, of California, to be a Governor of the 
United States Postal Service for a term expiring De-
cember 8, 2028. 
Daniel Mark Tangherlini, of the District of Co-
lumbia, to be a Governor of the United States Postal 
Service for a term expiring December 8, 2027. 
Kurt D. DelBene, of Washington, to be an Assist-
ant Secretary of Veterans Affairs (Information and 
Technology).                                                                 Page S8761 
Messages from the House:                        Pages S8759–60 
Measures Referred:                                                Page S8760 
Additional Cosponsors:                                       Page S8760 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S8760–61 
Additional Statements: 
Amendments Submitted:                                   Page S8761 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and ad-
journed at 12:20 p.m., until 8:15 a.m. on Tuesday, 
November 23, 2021. (For Senate’s program, see the 
remarks of the Acting Majority Leader in today’s 
Record on page S8761.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 10 pub-
lic bills, H.R. 6056–6065, were introduced. 
                                                                                    Pages H6669–70 
Additional Cosponsors:                                       Page H6670 
Reports Filed: There were no reports filed today. 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein she 
appointed Representative Clark (MA) to act as 
Speaker pro tempore for today.                           Page H6659 
Build Back Better Act: The House passed H.R. 
5376, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title 
II of S. Con. Res. 14, by a yea-and-nay vote of 220 
yeas to 213 nays, Roll No. 385. Subsequently, Rep-
resentative Neal moved to reconsider the vote, and 
Representative McGovern moved to table the motion 
to reconsider, which was agreed to by a yea-and-nay 
vote of 217 yeas to 105 nays, Roll No. 386. Consid-
eration began Friday, November 5th.     Pages H6659–68 
Rejected the Brady motion to recommit the bill 
to the Committee on the Budget by a yea-and-nay 
vote of 208 yeas to 220 nays, Roll No. 384. 
                                                                                    Pages H6665–66 
H. Res. 803, the rule providing for further con-
sideration of the bill (H.R. 5376) was agreed to yes-
terday, November 18th. 
H. Res. 774, the rule providing for consideration 
of the bill (H.R. 5376) was agreed to Saturday, No-
vember 6th. 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Three yea-and-nay votes de-
veloped during the proceedings of today and appear 
on pages H6665–66, H6666–67, and H6667–68. 
Adjournment: The House met at 8 a.m. and ad-
journed at 10:20 a.m. 
Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR MONDAY, 
NOVEMBER 22, 2021 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
No meetings/hearings scheduled. 
House 
No hearings are scheduled. 
Joint Meetings 
Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: to re-
ceive a briefing on western corporations investing in au-
thoritarian regimes, 10 a.m., WEBEX. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD 
Week of November 22 through November 26, 
2021 
Senate Chamber 
Senate will meet in pro forma sessions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:10 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00002
Fmt 0627
Sfmt 0627
E:\CR\FM\D19NO1.REC
D19NOPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with DIGEST

 -Page 234-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
D1297 
November 19, 2021 
Senate Committees 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
No meetings/hearings scheduled. 
Joint Meetings 
Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: Novem-
ber 22, to receive a briefing on western corporations in-
vesting in authoritarian regimes, 10 a.m., WEBEX. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:10 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00003
Fmt 0627
Sfmt 0627
E:\CR\FM\D19NO1.REC
D19NOPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with DIGEST

 -Page 235-
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional Record
The Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each House
of Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, United
States Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶ Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶ To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO
63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶ Following
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶ With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record.
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.
U
N
U
M
E
P
LU
RI
B
U
S
D1298 
November 19, 2021 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
8:15 a.m., Tuesday, November 23 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Senate will meet in a pro forma 
session. 
Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
11 a.m., Tuesday, November 23 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: House will meet in Pro Forma 
session at 11 a.m. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Beatty, Joyce, Ohio, E1259 
Calvert, Ken, Calif., E1259 
Garamendi, John, Calif., E1259 
Maloney, Carolyn B., N.Y., E1259 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 
05:10 Nov 20, 2021
Jkt 029060
PO 00000
Frm 00004
Fmt 0664
Sfmt 0664
E:\CR\FM\D19NO1.REC
D19NOPT1
ctelli on DSK11ZRN23PROD with DIGEST

 -Page 236-
